No, no, no, no, don’t get anxious. No good came out of overthinking something to the ground.
Inside, while he felt secured and attended to with his pack all around, the day’s activities were catching up with me. Waking up bright and early and making two journeys to and from town all while having an empty stomach made him collapse on the ground in the middle of the couches. There might have been a warm and soft bed waiting for him on the second floor, but the temptation wasn’t enough. Not even the solid floor was able to encourage him up the stairs.
“She’s right,” Fury agreed, even when Steve and Bucky looked scandalized.
“Was not.”
? You want to fuck me yourself or something, Rogers? Is that fucking it?!”
“I do.” He unconsciously took a step back.
The alpha didn’t even let him take a step back, throwing his equipment down and removing his gloves before crossing his arms and giving a vibe that he wasn’t going to let Tony leave until he got an answer. “Listen, you obviously came in here with something in mind. If you’re not looking to buy are you looking to repair? What about that thing in your bag?”
he was because that was what he was. He was happy.
When the door shut after his departure Tony made sure to lock it and began stripping down. He folded his shirt and pants, gave himself a lookover when his scarred chest and bony hips were exposed and quickly got rid of the last article of clothing.
Tony was flabbergasted and made a face that wasn’t exactly attractive. “I don’t have potential. There’s nothing special about me to get them interested.”
“I’m not going back with you.”
.” The hold tightened. “All those years of
Steve pushed his legs further apart after giving his bitten thigh a final kiss. Tony managed to catch his eye, seeing something unrecognizable in those barely seen blues blown wide from the lust. Tony gasped softly when Steve, still maintaining eye contact, went forward and down between his legs, appearing to go for his length again but missing it by a mile as he went further down and blew softly where the base ended, over his sack and where the surface of his cunt began, tickling his hair. Tony managed to catch sight of Steve opening his mouth before the bottom half of his face disappeared. Then he felt a warm, wet tongue run over the edges of his lips and all the air in his chest left in an instant.
As Steve adjusted him and nudged his legs further apart to expose his slit completely Tony tried his best to calm his heart that started beating heavy again in anticipation. Steve didn’t outright slam himself in Tony like Tony had expected him to. Instead Steve ran the tip of his dick over the folds teasingly a few times, circling and even slapping against it until finally he nudged it carefully inside in a near painfully slow pace. Tony tensed up involuntarily as he waited for the familiar pain to appear, but where the sharp feeling that resulted from a forced opening should’ve been… only pleasure was present. Pleasure and the odd sensation of his body willingly
He filled the bucket again and threw the water on himself, scrubbing furiously as if he could somehow wash away what he had just done. Clean, he had to somehow get clean. He could never be clean again, but he had to
Before he could continue to gush on Jarvis and tell Bruce about all of the cockatoo’s achievements a very irritated chirp sounded from his bag and an annoyed machine rolled to bump against him.
“Any pain?”
She had been happy upon seeing Steve, both her and her companion, but that went away shortly upon getting a closer sniff. She must have realized something for her demeanor to have changed briefly. Tony watched as her eyes trailed down from Steve’s face to his neck. They moved rapidly in search but didn’t appear to find what she had been looking for. It did not stop the change. Her eyes returned to meet Steve’s gaze. She was frowning now. Almost appeared…
leave and now look at you. I have never seen you glow so much, Tones. Not this strong and not for this long, and after everything you’ve been through you
His heart thumped erratically as they passed through the door and the entire sight of the dining area and the connected kitchen on the side side of the room. Standing in the kitchen was Sam, who Tony hadn’t seen at first because of where he stood in relation to the door. His back was facing him so Tony couldn’t see what the beta was doing, but considering the plate of hotcakes and fruits next to him Tony figured he was responsible for breakfast.
Warning for this chapter! Be careful reading this one, there's attempted rape here.
“I could, but I really wanted to get my paws on you. It was really hard to resist. The very thought of watching you slip out of my grasp? I’m not letting it happen.” Steve gave his neck a little nip, making Tony almost turn to putty on the spot. The alpha’s teeth were right there. With one clamp of the jaw those fangs could pierce through the sensitive skin on Tony’s neck and leave a mark. Make Tony belong to Steve and only Steve.
“Of course they did, Steve. I haven’t seen them in years. If you were to reunite with Bucky after being separated for years how would you react?”
Steve felt good.
Tony and Bruce looked at each other. Both of them obviously didn’t want to but what reason did they have to say no? On top of that, why would the
The fond stare was almost overwhelming. “I came. Is it too late to join?”
“Oh, you will pay, my Omega. You. Will. Pay - when we return, but your dear godfather is right. We need to go, and you will be a good boy for me, won’t you?” Hammer squeezed briefly to emphasize what he could do and was ready to do a second ago. “Remember, Virginia will suffer if you fight.”
“A mighty fine family name indeed,” Thor complimented. “Strong, unyielding, a grand title for those determined to move forward.”
There was no point denying the pacing so he didn’t bother to try. “I can’t -” he started but was unable to form what he was so anxious about in words. The only thing he could come up that was close enough was “I don’t want to be left behind, Rhodey.”
He remembers another faceless shadow appear behind him. Remembers how the second shadow held him back, wrapping a cold arm around his neck and pulling, using the other arm to thrust it between Steve and his prey. Instead of biting the flesh of the first shadow he had pinned, he bit the flesh of the second. The second shadow taking the bite intended for the first.
Something brief passed in Steve’s eyes but was gone before Tony could decipher it. “He's welcome to join, too. The invitation goes to you both.” The alpha turned his head to look at the omega they were speaking of, prompting Tony to follow his gaze.
“You don’t have to.”
“Keep going and ignore them. We just need to reach the trees and we’ll never see any of them again,” Bruce whispered, and even though Bruce was doing his best to help Tony through this Tony still felt the tension radiating from the other omega’s body. Bruce didn’t like the stares anymore than Tony did.
Tony looked at the letter again. Thinking long on what to do. "I’ll be his best friend for all of Yule. The best he’s ever had."
God, he wanted his pack, he wanted Brucie, the Hulk,
Now here Tony stood. Among the many shacks that temporarily housed pack-less betas and omegas, but
“Well,” he eventually said, “I hope you have great pick up lines. He’s kind of oblivious sometimes.”
He had doomed Bruce to suffer with him because of his carelessness. The Avengers were now going after the other omega associated with Tony. To humiliate Tony and anyone close to him. Make them all hurt.
It could really be that simple.
He reached out for one of the many bottles of oil, decided on one that didn’t have much of a scent radiating from it and poured what he thought was enough to get every inch of his hair. He picked another oil, slathered it on one of the rags and his hands and rubbed it on his body. He ran his hands over his shoulders and the rag on his neck, on his arms, on his chest, his belly, his thighs and his legs. He made another rub on those same places to make sure, ran the rag down the small of his back, went further down and rested them over his rear. He sucked in a breath before gathering as much of the oil from his body as he could and ran the rag down and in-between his cheeks.
The large wolf leaned down to sniff the top of Rhodey’s head and made a small noise that sounded much like a hum. “Smell of pack. Of puny wolf and birdy and,” Hulk looked down to Vision and crouched to give him a sniff, “metal ball.”
“Leave them alone, Wilson,” Natasha said, unfazed by Sam's earlier comment. “They're tired and don't need you breathing near them.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Maybe that was the reason why the Avengers haven’t reacted to Bruce’s odd scent yet. They were accustomed to odd scents and, unless provoked, wouldn’t make the first move. It was all good news for Tony and Bruce. It meant the Avengers didn’t invite them to a secluded area to attack for one reason or another.
“Hell of a time to test them out.”
The movement made him unconsciously lift his hips further and spread his legs. Belatedly he realized he had presented himself slightly and as Steve kneeled in-between his opened legs and pushed them out further it was then his body finally released slick. Not the pathetically small amount he had always been prone to create before. Just for Steve his body went what felt above and beyond and nearly caused a gush to come out without effort. When the kisses Steve was lovingly leaving on his shoulders trailed higher to his neck Tony released a moan as his alpha’s lips brushed on the still soar and healing bite. He gasped when teeth bit softly over the crescent marks before quickly moving and sinking down on the purple skin Tony was still displaying from Steve’s earlier attention. Never once did his body tensed or flinched from it.
“You’re both here,” He stared at Happy, who was standing behind Pepper and letting them have their moment. The loyal beta guard who had become one of Tony’s closest and dearest friends, who protected Pepper’s business pack, most likely continued to protect her pack after Tony was taken away, and now both followed and protected Pepper to their reunion. “Get over here, Happy. I haven’t seen you in years. I’m not letting you get away without joining in.”
“When do you plan to tell her?”
“Well? Are you to come in or do you wish to remain there?” a voice that was clearly Loki’s echoed to him.
. “I never understood what was so great about an alpha posturing, but after having that hunk of man walk into our lives and seeing it happen right now?” He gestured to Tony, Pepper and Happy to show the next part was for them. “Listen, can we have his hand in marriage?”
“Not well enough it seems. The
Bruce shrugged. “Maybe they’re on a hunt to start a family? Even war packs have to settle down eventually.”
There were plenty of problems out on the roads and the dangers of raider packs for there to be a slow continuous quantity of contracts, enough for a war pack to have a decent home, but nothing like this. This building, this
They were not only entering the structure they were going deep into the ground belly of the place. Usually that meant whatever the structure was hiding needed an enormous amount of space, which more often than not entailed the hidden item to be huge, moving and very much alive.
. Who wouldn’t take a moment to admire?
“My condolences,” she eventually said in a grim tone.
They both panted heavily and from the way Tony’s heart felt, working rapidly, he was surprised it still continued to beat. More surprising was his three performances. Back when he could barely go through one without it feeling like an unwanted chore to suddenly rearing to go three times in the span of a short time? Surely there was something in the water.
“That’s what Jarvis says.”
“You are,” Bruce cut in, giving him a sharp look. “They might not want the other guy, but they want you. Steve especially.”
Thankfully he had Jarvis and Vision in it. The cockatoo nipped at his fingers holding the piece of rabbit and said “Sir, your food is getting cold. Also, Vision has been calling for your attention for the past two minutes.” The little rolling machine beeped in irritation from the ground, proving Jarvis right. Tony hadn’t picked him up to put on the table yet, what with getting distracted by the fact that the
For one glorious moment Tony didn’t see anything but Rhodey. Under him, exposing his belly and licking him all over his face and making whines out of pure happiness. It was like old times when they were teens and ran through the forest together. Boundless energy keeping them playing for near hours and the hierarchy for alphas and omegas keeping them at odds with other teens.
Tony took the opportunity to sit with his back against a tree. Bruce joined him. Vision rolled over and got comfortable in-between them. Jarvis remained on Tony's shoulder until he got comfortable on the ground. Once he did the cockatoo took off into the trees to search for his meal.
Tony got to his feet. “Yeah, of course. I just need to -” he searched through his bag for his tooth powder, making a mental note to buy a new batch whenever he visits Hattan, and for his canteen. There was still plenty of water left for two rinses with extra left over. He made another note to refill it before he slept for the night.
Which wasn't much. He wad not as ready as he wished he was, but the thought disappeared the moment he opened the door and was assaulted by a delicious smell. His stomach gave a loud growl at the scent, a sweet scent that could only come from a pastry and could only be coming from the kitchen and, by God, he needed to sink his teeth on that food.
He set his trusty travel boots next to the pack. Stuffed the small pockets with his personal necessities. Tooth powder, a comb, his favorite oil to soothe his skin after a dip in the water, soap for his clothing, just in case the days lasted longer than planned, and more items he was probably not going to use but never knew when the opportunity would arise.
“Know your way around tools?”
The small moments of shock that came from knowing he was under attack from those raiders were nothing compared to the fear he felt when four shifters appeared out of nowhere with pistols and rusty swords. Tony and Bruce had been making camp for the night. Bruce made a little makeshift bed on the grass with the coat he favored wrapping around himself and Tony had already shifted and was curled up around Vision with Jarvis on his shoulders. The only warnings they had gotten before the raiders appeared were Jarvis going tense with all his feathers ruffling and a branch breaking in half. That caused both Tony and Bruce to jump on their feet.
When the day finally came that Tony saw the real reason behind Bruce’s hesitation, well, he couldn’t really blame the guy for behaving the way he had. Tony would’ve done the same thing.
“Nay, I have yet to start mine tale -”
Tony quickly scrambled to get up, forcing Jarvis to jump to the ground. In his excitement from reunited with his best friend he had completely forgotten about his pack and had yet to give introductions. Rhodey followed suit in a more sedate pace, ears low as he stared at Steve and Bucky who Tony just remembered he was fighting against before he put a stop to it, and… oh hell, he had
“Right…”
“You'll be fine. Go stand lookout to the north.”
“You still have to worry about our Captain, Clint. I think if anything he’s going to claim cuddling rights and he’ll fight you for it.”
“Something on your mind?”
No, Steve wasn’t lucky to have him, as Rhodey, Jan and Bruce had said to the Commandos, nor was Tony changing his life, as Bucky and Sam had added. It was Tony who was so damn lucky and it was
“She sounds wonderful, hopefully one day I'll get to meet her.” His throat felt raw and his voice was afflicted by it, causing an obvious shake.
The words were at the tip of his tongue. Confirmation for the desire. His mouth was open to let the cockatoo hear, but there were no truth to them, not when Steve
Jarvis whistled. “If you wish to impress Captain Rogers, I suggest you groom yourself, Sir.”
With his instincts no longer needing to defend, Steve shoulders and arm loosened but he kept his hand covering Tony’s neck. Wanting to comfort the alpha Tony pressed his cheek against Steve’s, making a soft whine. It did the trick and Steve exhaled, releasing all the tension.
“Nothing important. I have ideas I want to work on. On your shield. On Clint’s bow.”
“There was this alpha that referred to me as a… well, as someone good for nothing but breeding,” he ignored the way his heart twisted just from saying that word, “Rhodey didn’t like that and didn’t hesitate to call the alpha out. Turned out the alpha was really sensitive about his big nose and how he always seemed to smell of spoiled cheese. He tried fighting, but what he apparently didn’t know was that part of Rhodey’s pack was made of alphas and betas who switched their military pack for a family pack. They all taught him everything he knew and the alpha went down in seconds.”
“Situation called for it.”
She gave him an unimpressed look. “The sun is setting in. Our guest want to head back. You weren’t letting him get up.”
Tony made a noise when Steve plucked him up and adjusted him on his lap as he took his spot on the couch. Tony could easily feel the trembling now and it was obvious it wasn’t caused from fear. Steve was barely holding back out of sheer will. Once comfortable Steve held Tony close, burying his face in-between his neck and shoulder. The blanket slid down from the movement, revealing all in the room the dark bruises decorating his neck.
Under it all, Hammer was guile, shrewd, and had a silver-tongue that earned him just about everything. If he couldn’t get it, he’d simply take it. If he couldn’t take it conventionally, he’d threaten. Consequences be damned for all parties. Tony included. Add in Obadiah Stane to cover Hammer’s weaknesses and there wasn’t much that would stop them. Common sense flew out the window and so did ethics. The law didn’t apply to them and neither did any repercussions.
title on the other hand, what do people think when they hear Hawkeye? That I can see very far away? I mean, I can, but that doesn’t exactly scare anyone when out in battle.”
“Worry not,” Thor grinned and walked out of the room. Seconds later the loud steps returned and echoed just outside the door. “Good morrow, Steven.” Tony heard Thor say.
A stone sat heavily in Tony’s stomach. Hammer wanted weapons. Of course he did. He always wanted weapons, but this time he didn’t just want an advanced pistol or rifle. No, he wanted his gauntlets. The alpha wanted him to recreate his gauntlets and recreate them in mass.
Tony inhaled Steve's clean scent. A huge contrast to what the putrid alpha smelled of. It soothed him, made him feel safe. And he knew with Steve covering him he was truly safe.
“Might have?” he deadpanned, feeling Steve’s arms shake after a while. Unable to hold him forever. “I just wanted a quick wash. You’re the one who jumped me.”
“Boys!” Natasha stopped them before any could take off, “and Jan.”
You swore you’d never mention it again.”
Winter throws himself between them. His metal arm wraps around Steve’s neck, yanking him back while he shoves his good arm in Steve’s jaws without a second thought. Through the footage, Steve can see the pain Winter is in. The way his face winces. How his good arm tries to recoil, wanting to get away, but unable to as Steve refuses to let go. How blood trickles out from the armor he wears and between Steve’s teeth. How Steve tries to shake his head in order to tear at the flesh and Winter frantically trying to stop him by tightening his hold.
The Avengers have been one of the war packs to make the biggest dent against Hydra. Not enough to eradicate them, but just so for their names to be called upon when Hydra was involved.
Because the conversation they were having was out in the open Steve and Natasha heard every word and they turned to give the pair of betas disapproving gazes.
“Come on, none of that,” Tony scooped him and Vision up, tucking them on the bed and reaching for the covers after. He maneuvered around the two so he could curl up and hold them close, wrapping the cover and sighing.
with him. They were truly there and holding him and real and were for some reason traveling around in the Avengers’ territory.
“Yeah,” Tony barely whispered. His first time seeing the Avengers and he had to go and make a fool of himself. Not only that, he did it in front of the Captain. Granted, he didn’t see which member would have been the Captain, but he figured the Captain was somewhere in that crowd. No alpha leader left his pack alone when traveling. On top of that, he had to go and kiss the ground before seeing that attractive alpha.
“We can catch up to them,” Bruce said, going to the center of the clearing. “Their scents are still here. Faint because of the water but I can make them out.”
“It is my first heat in… nearly twenty years. Maybe my body isn't ready to handle four days of stress?” Tony looked away as he admitted it. Finally, the extent of his… abuse. The long,
Tony understood. He remembered when Rhodey was with him and how often they teased each other and how some of the shifters in their area ended up getting involved. Steve and Bucky were no different, and naturally their pack mates were going to get affected. No way of avoiding it, especially when it wasn’t only Bucky out trying to tease Steve.
“I don’t have any pains or need water.”
The last one who had yet to deny it held his gaze spoke to him slowly. “Look, I said no,” Sam held up one finger. “I told him, I wanted to keep my fur, to
“Rhodey?” Tony nudged his snout. “Rhodey, please wake up. H-Honey bear? You’re not… you’re not -”
Jarvis wasn’t an ordinary bird. He learned that pretty quick.
The two that came next were the foreigners to the canine land. They carried a large presence not commonly seen and a shifted form well deserved. The only feline and serpent of the pack, the mighty Thor and the trickster Loki looked straight ahead as if the very dirt they walked on was undeserving of their presence. Thor held his hammer tight in his hand, exposed muscles bulging from the force of the grip. Loki held his staff fluidly in his, loose armor and hair flowing even without wind. They appeared of royalty, even when their names held nothing more than the fame of war packs.
Tony was a deer who had just noticed the predator hunting it. He was frozen in his seat, growing nervous when the eyes of the brunette and blonde burning a hole in him. The intensity of their stares made him stand on shaky legs. It felt as if he was being judged, and he didn’t even know their names.
She continued shouting and scolding and after a quick and rushed and frightened apology from the kids, she dragged them by the ears somewhere away from public eyes for a second set of words. Tony had no idea what had occurred but he figured since he had gotten an apology and the kids were being disciplined everything was solved. All that was missing was the kid who apparently stood up for his honor.
this.”
It couldn’t have been the former. Why would the Avengers spend time with two omegas from the shacks right before heading for battle? It had to have been the latter, meaning the Avengers were probably in the middle of returning home before they decided for some reason or another to visit the shacks and were now taking a break, with Tony and Bruce, using their free time with them.
That must have been what Loki had been casting. Make it so the cart could be easily pulled.
“Love you, too, Brucie, but I need you to calm down. I don't think introducing the Hulk to the Avengers on the first day is a great idea.”
Here was to dreaming.
“She’s a strong one. She’ll pull through.”
They shook their heads. “I’m heading over to prepare for the heavyweight. I have to make sure the new blood don’t think I’ll go easy on them.”
He nearly howled on the spot from the combination of sheer shock and joy when Steve presented him a gift a few weeks later.
“We know that, but all Steve sees is you, your friends coming back for you, an alpha being friendly, you being happy with said alpha, and a love story he made up in his head of your best friend coming back for what he lost and both of you running off to a happily ever after.”
The crowd cheered loudly. A sign the racing centaurs would soon appear. Tony reached to grab Peter and sat him carefully on his back to get a better view of the race. They waited for the winner and Peter cheered excitedly for his favorite centaur runner. Whoever that may be. Every year was always a different one.
Loki, because of his skill in magic, would break the occasional cursed item brought in by a shifter misfortuned enough to gain a family heirloom that had questionable practices. He would look insulted doing so, probably arguing why he was using precious time on such a mundane task, but nonetheless finish lifting the curse. Thor, while not outright having merchandise to sell that Tony knew of, was responsible for bringing in Loki’s clients. The mention of the word ‘curse’ and Thor would quickly direct the afflicted to Loki’s direction, promising them that the serpent shifter could aid them.
He brought this upon himself. It was right he’d be the one to pay for it. The
, he restrained to say.
,” Tony said, expecting Rogers to push him away and walk out of the room in a huff. Scandalized at what Tony had suggested. White-picked fence and apple pie Captain America would
“You can barely take care of yourself. How do you expect to take care of a Jarvis and Vision?”
What kind of question was that? “Of course I do, Peg, but what does that have to do with anything?”
Jan’s breath hitched. “Why would you be sorry about that?”
Or perhaps it was all Steve.
I get when you do. How
“You already got his mark then,” she stared at the scars of his neck. He covered it out of reflex. He wasn't
he'd tell himself.
If that’s not oblivious I don’t know
“Thanks.” Clearly, Ty didn’t catch it. “Let’s go and celebrate. My carer has a basket full of fresh blueberries. I know they’re your favorite. There’s this lovely little spot by the lake that’s perfect for privacy. What do you say?”
“No, but it is occurring. Perhaps not on purpose, but you can’t deny you are doing it to your pit mates.” The serpent waved a hand, gesturing to the door in a silent way to say he was almost finished with their conversation. “I will not interfere, but should you ever gain the courage to reveal your skills you might find the results not to be as sizable as you imagined.”
What he’s not ready for is watching something dragged in along with this group of alphas. They drop a limp body before him. Battered and bruised already. Smelling of fear. Smelling familiar. The scent, he recognizes. It makes his blood boil. His pulse quickens. He begs it not to be true, but the reality is staring him in the face.
“What do you mean?”
The tears were forgotten and the pain caused by the words disappeared in an instant. His body turned cold and fear clutched at his heart. Loki knew. Loki
Tony swallowed, looked at the hand holding his and gripped it slightly, nodding. Bruce had answered the first question, giving his permission to hang out with the Avengers if Tony wanted, and honestly? Even if Tony didn’t he couldn't say no to that earnest and hopeful face of Steve’s. It was near impossible to. Maybe he was biased because he had desires, but there was something about Steve that Tony had the urge to please.
When they reached the opening where the stone wall vanished and fell they found themselves inside a grand room that couldn’t possibly be the structure they had heard of. What they were told was described to be a small temple with a pedestal in the center and an item that supposedly held answers to their dilemma. Same old, same old. Instead they ended up with what looked to be an entirely new land under a land. Granted, this land didn’t look pleasant. In fact, the land looked absolutely dead with no grass, no trees and no sun and yet there was light illuminating the flat under-surface. There was plenty of stones and dirt, but nothing that signified life.
“Sir, now.”
Tony nodded cautiously, heart speeding up and his breath getting stuck somewhere in his lungs, refusing to move. Steve leaned in, eying his lips and running a finger across his jaw. He moved forward, aiming for his lips only to switch direction at the last possible second and pecked his cheek instead. Even so Tony felt the tingling sensation the moment their skin made contact and closed his eyes as he leaned into it.
“These superhumans,” Fury continued. “We’re dealing with bringing back these three into a society that believes them to be nothing but fiction. A big fantasy that someone created.”
“I’ll die trying if I have to,” Steve growled, “and if death somehow wins then Rhodey will take over. Then the others. Jan, Bruce, Clint, Natasha, hell, even Loki will step up to the mantle. We have no shortage of packmates willing to do anything to keep you safe. We are family, and family care and protect their own.”
“We’re just taking a walk,” Tony managed. The rumbling the beta was making caused the hairs on the back of his neck to stand. “Something wrong with that?”
“That's better. If only. What I would give to take twenty years off my back,” he thought longingly. “I'd be such a catch.”
“You’re talking to a military man. I’ll figure it out.”
“Tony.”
“How has your day been going?”
“Only if you treat him as such. He licked my face, Brucie, I think we’re beyond the point of being enemies and we’re one step away from going under the waist.”
“I thought you both would love to take this,” Peggy said with a knowing look.
Any absolute favorite part(s) you've read?
“I believe so, but I am no expert. Magic is where my specialty lies, and your magic has played a role in your past. I know not of the effects your malnourishment and mental state has caused. I taste the fertility and sense no abnormalities, should you wish for a young, but keep in mind this is your first cycle in a decade. A young might not be conceived upon the first try.”
appreciative stare.
A new set of clothes and they continued on the road. According to some of the Brook town locals that gave them sympathetic looks while they were handling their business, the nearest shacks were about six hours from there on foot. The sun was at the center of the sky and they figured might as well have a roof over their heads for the night. If no shacks were available they could always camp nearby and not have the fear of having another raider attack.
In his haste to stop those lips Tony ended up falling on the bed and dragging Steve and his armored-clad figure on top of him, knocking the wind clean out of him. He groaned at the pressure. “This is the end for me.”
“Fine. When you become a
Enjoy the cringe!
“I’m fine, Captain. You really don’t have to,” he muttered while curling further around his legs, causing the sleeves of the coat wrapped over his knees to cover the bottom half of his face and assault his nose with the alpha musk. It had been a mistake to do so because he felt himself unconsciously relax from it.
“You don’t need to split up and search for Bruce. He’s right here with us.” Tony held his breath. This was it. Everyone exchanged confused looks with each other at her words. They followed her gaze when she looked up at the Hulk. They each frowned, not understanding yet. “Hulk here sometimes goes by Bruce, and Bruce goes by Hulk. They coexist in the same body. You could say Hulk is Bruces’ shift and Bruce is Hulk’s.”
“But they were being mean to me and you and I was trying to defend you but I didn’t win.”
Tony shook his head, meaning to agree. “No - yes, I mean, the staff won't-”
“Not bad so far,” Tony stopped in order to avoid bumping into a random centaur that crossed their path. One quick look back to check on Peter and he continued forward. “Peter really knows what he’s doing. He’s been watching the races on screen nonstop.”
every single one of them for you, and you still thought
would you -”
“No, I’m - are you mad?”
Remark at the tip of his tongue but unable to say it because his mind was still working on putting it together Tony was left with his mouth slightly parted and everyone else chuckling at nothing.
He didn’t deserve any of them. Steve most of all.
Vision whistled at him in response as Tony nodded. “He has a language of his own you learn to interpret over time. There’s emotion in his sounds and expressions in his movement. Piece them together and it makes words.”
Of course he couldn’t stay wrapped up forever. Not when time kept moving forward and the sun was getting closer to the center of the sky and his stomach decided it was hungry again and needed to be fed.
Tony did. It was a familiar letter talking about a topic that sparked a recollection of a time when he had only been, what he considered now, a baby. At thirty-two-years-old, that time felt forever ago but the memories came back easily enough. As if it had only been yesterday.
He felt beyond good. A warm good. Like warm chicken noodle soup running through his veins good.
It was every shifter’s dream. It was Tony’s dream he had imagined in his loneliest days and nights and he had it in his arms.
who overreacted and made himself a menace to them. He created a problem out of nothing…
” The change was frightening. Not a second ago Hammer had been enjoying the power he held and that usually meant toying with his victims. Mocking and taunting while keeping his cold and proud demeanor. Now, he was ready to lash out and fight. To win with violence.
“I think…” Steve trailed off, running his fingers from Tony’s hair down to his cheekbones. He ran his thumb under Tony’s eye, soft and gentle. “Maybe you should talk to the others. Hear their stories. Then ask  me again.”
Hammer always knew how to make him feel horrible with just words. Taking action had only ever occurred when Hammer was truly aggravated. Often encouraged by Stane, too.
The alpha was never one to get his hands dirty. This was not right.
Tony breathed, mindful not to reveal his entire name to a leader of a
“Don't I feel special,” Tony deadpanned, eyes narrowing.
All the hydra heads turned to him, “How do you stop it? Foolish human. Once chosen there is nothing you can do. You can’t stop it. You can’t fight it. It will happen. No matter how much control you posses sooner or later your will shall break and the dragon will be set free. If you truly wish to hold onto hope then let me help you.” The heads pulled back, making the hydra look taller. “Let us end your suffering before you lose your humanity. Let us finish this the way it’s supposed to. Stop resisting and stop finding a hold to be human.” It began hissing, his words growing louder and louder. “Allow the dragon to be free and let us continue our battle that has been long overdue. Give up just as this human gave up and set me free.”
“Circumstances required me to think of you as an enemy,” Tony says, in a remote and detached voice that makes him hate himself just a little more. “We were both forced to think that the other was liable to do some pretty crummy things. But I liked to think that even then, I knew you too well for you to lie to my face and be able to get away with it.”
“Pepper and Rhodey mean well,” Tony goes on. “They’re just-”
The sound of running water from the bathroom cuts off. Rhodey’s words are muffled, but Pepper’s bell-like laughter rings out loud and clear.
The parts of it he
“No?”
holding company now,” Tony reminds her.
like were the asshole boss, the secrets he kept that ended up hurting people, the helplessness he felt outside of his armor.
“Nope.”
He just doesn’t want to.
“But if you had told me that what was done to Happy was done on your orders-” Tony falters, losing some of the aloofness. “I think I would have believed it. I would have been too afraid that my emotions were clouding my judgement not to.”
Tony shudders, eyes going half-lidded. “Then why don’t you?”
The people of the world are angry and frightened. They are thirsting for someone to blame and howling for blood. They are disillusioned and disenchanted by the SHRA, the Mighty Avengers, the 50-State Initiative – the elaborate and over-embellished window dressing put forth to camouflage the crumbling and ramshackle structure that is the world’s sorry excuse for global security.
His tone is courteous. It’s a civility one reserves for strangers or distant acquaintances. Tony expected something more along the lines of righteous anger or righteous indignation. This foreign detachment is alien – makes Tony feel wrong-footed and slightly hunted.
“Tears of joy.” Pepper gives a wobbly smile. “You were a terrible boss. You never followed your itinerary. You always blew off board meetings. And the stock price dropped every time you blew up something in your suit.”
. Jamelia ducks her head bashfully and goes back to work.
The puppy lowers his head woefully.
“Fine,” Rhodey says, rankled. “I won’t talk about Rogers and you won’t force me to bring you up on sexual harassment charges. Are you happy now, you Man-child?”
The silence weighs down on his shoulders, like Tony is the lone and eternal passenger in the Airline From Hell, eardrums ringing and sore as he travels higher and higher into the stratosphere, slowly but surely suffocating from the less breathable air.
“Sam once told me that I always saw you through rose-colored glasses,” Steve says, apropos to nothing. “And that it didn’t change the fact that you were a sell-out.”
“I think the
“You make me so
The outer walls of the dilapidated structure (what little of it he can see beneath all the reindeer moss and lichens) are thin and made of wood, and have once been painted an airy baby blue, but parts of it have rotted away, eaten away by woodlice, the structural integrity so compromised that Tony’s moderately surprised the roof hasn’t collapsed ages ago. There’s a rickety outhouse, which he’s going to do away with altogether; a shoddy garage made entirely out of corrugated metal sheets attached to the side of the cabin, the doors rusted shut.
“Just stand.”
Gerald is
At minimum, he really should have prepared for Steve, seeing as his former teammate is the reason Tony isn’t being escorted to an execution or a prison cell on the Raft right this instant.
A whine threatened to escape from his throat. It seemed Tony wasn’t the only one damaged. He didn’t know if that was a good thing or bad.
The alpha was panting and seemed to turn bright pink when Tony and Bruce faced him. A distance behind him the visiting pack were watching him closely, some with smirks, others with annoyed looks and some seeming to be holding in laughter that was on the verge of bursting out.
Bruce chucked. “I’ll take the room next door.”
“How one would feel after spending a night with an enthusiastic, young alpha,” he blurted. No regrets.
Tony had his answers now, all that was missing was the why and the how. Why had Bruce been cursed and how had it happened? Was it willing, or was it forced? Was it himself or was it his old pack?
In his and Steve’s shared room the gauntlets were the first thing he packed once he found his traveling bag. Tucked safely inside he got to work adding what he thought was required. Sets of clothing, naturally. Shirts and pants and a coat for the freezing nights and cold mornings. Of course summer was right around the corner, so while the nights weren’t torturous low temperatures, one could never be too warm.
“Never know until you try. Maybe Hulk will turn out to be a gentle giant. Besides, I don’t think he’ll disappoint any mate,” Tony wiggled his eyebrows.
Sam appeared in front of them before they could take a step forward to the empty seats. Two plates filled with food in his hands. “What they mean to say is eat as much as you want, take your time and don’t worry, we’re just going to trade, not go across the land.”
He moved to his side in order to release his injured arm from under him and held it close to his chest. Pushing on his knees he slowly lifted himself from the ground, raised his head up and froze. He had apparently reached the center of the crowd and was now directly in front of the war pack everyone was cheering for. He had also apparently locked eyes with one of the members. He couldn’t look away from the shining blue eyes looking back and belonging to someone very tall, very muscular (and what muscle baggage), had hair that was very shiny gold and hardly had any lines on his face. A young shifter no doubt.
“Is this… is this a love declaration or what?!” Tony could feel himself getting angry, he wasn’t ready to deal with this. It had taken him long enough to get through the mess of feelings the fight with Steve and Barnes had left him in; and Rhodey and his parents and the Avengers… he really didn’t need another asshole move from Steve.
After that, there was a loud bang. Steve had not tried to open the door yet since the house was occupied and he was a polite man, but he was reaching for the door handle when the door suddenly got pulled open with enough force that it banged against the wall.
“FRIDAY?”, Tony asked immediately, his hand already stretched out so the arriving armour pieces could wrap themselves around his body. “Unidentified intruder on window 1783-D, Boss. Approximately 6′2′‘, 240lbs, heavy impact force. Facial recognition is rolling.”
Tony interrupted Steve’s thoughts with a bright smile. “You can stay here for as long as you need, unlimited ice cream supply included. I know how long it took you to adjust when you woke up in the future. Now you’ve woken up in the past, but the wrong past. Must be frustrating.”
“Hmmm”, Tony made against the purpling flesh of Steve’s neck and licked it. “Bedroom.”
Now it was Steve’s turn to smirk down at Tony. He hurried to the bedroom and softly put Tony down on the mattress. “Let me take care of you.”
Tony was lying in a beach chair on a Stars And Stripes beach towel, sunglasses on his nose, sunscreen rubbed into his skin by a perfect blonde adonis just half an hour ago and a fruity ice cold cocktail next to him on a little table. An umbrella protected him from the direct sunlight but he was still working on the tan that turned his skin a warm bronze colour. Nobody and nothing would manage to interrupt his peace now. His phone was turned off, possible alien invasions would be taken care of by the rest of the team; he was on vacation.
Steve had done enough of these ‘time heist’ journeys to know the feeling by now, and this one, it hadn’t even remotely felt like the others. He had just brought the last infinity stone back to its location in time and space before they had collected them and he had wanted to travel back to 2024 and Bruce and Sam and Bucky and a world without Tony.
Tony leaned in for another kiss and while it started with the same passion as before, it was so, so sweet. There was a feeling in it that made Steve’s head spin with more than just lust, that made his heart flutter and the butterflies in his stomach dance. And then Tony’s fingers brushed over Steve’s nipples as if by accident. “Please”, Steve babbled against Tony’s lips, helpless under his ministrations. “Please let me. Please!”
Tony got up and took one last look at Steve. “Maybe you should talk to Bucky and Sam about being... back. You can’t hide here forever.” And with that Tony disappeared out of the bathroom.
Tony immediately complied, bottoming out again and again until his muscles were shaking and a light sheen of sweat made his body shine while repeating Steve's name over and over. He had leaned back, with his hands next to Steve's knees for the angle but now he moved forwards until Steve could even close his arms around him.
"Show-off."
Steve clapped his hands like an overexcited toddler and jumped off Tony's lap, taking his hand to pull him off the beach chair as well. "Your husband is very pleased."
When Steve had tugged Tony's swimming shorts a little lower he dragged his fingers over Tony's ribs, not bothering to avoid the spot where Tony was ticklish.
“That’s not how it works, Rogers”, he said to the window.
"What did he do?" Steve sat down, placing the coffee so Tony could comfortably reach it even when he was snuggled up against Steve's side. Because that was exactly where Tony was curling up right now.
“You missed him... it’s okay. I’m glad he’s back. Hello, JARVIS”, Steve replied as calmly as possible. Tony had probably had a couple fights with the team about this from the way he acted. But JARVIS had been ripped from him, who was he to dictate Tony if he was allowed to resurrect his AI or not? Steve guessed however that Wanda was not a regular guest around here and felt a pang of sadness and compassion for her loss.
Steve smiled a very broad smile that was more teasing than anything else. "Hi Mr. Stark. I heard you wanted to talk to me? Is it about swimming lessons? Or do you need a crash course on appropriate swim wear?" His smile morphed into a very real smirk when he took in Tony's naked body.
Now Tony half-turned in Steve's arms, grinning mischievously. Obviously Steve had to use this chance to kiss him; and one kiss turned into two turned into a lazy make out session while their hot drinks started to cool down, all forgotten on the table next to them.
He screamed in agony as Steve fell, falling with him until their grip loosened. He could see the blood that covered Steve's chest, right where his heart was.
“Good evening, fellas”, he said loud enough to be heard, and Tony couldn’t help but shiver when he heard the accent that slipped from his words.
“Mr. Stark.”
“You couldn't what? Find a way to stop this? No, you and the rest, you took the easy way out, as always.” His tone was still calm, but Tony could tell that this was going to change.
Steve smiled even more, his dimples on full display as he curled his arms around Tony too, trying to keep him just as warm.
“I have walked on foot once, I can do it again. My feet are quite capable.”
“We think so, yes. But it all depends on how you will respond to it now. This is the big moment.”
Steve stood proud and tall by the gates of his city, shield in his hand as he watched the vast army approaching, their battle cries sending shivers down the spines of his people. Steve encouraged them to stand strong with his powerful words that he was famed for, that resilience returning to him as he was pushed back into the army to fight with his people, to save and protect him, as it was the only thing that he knew and he was now bound to his duty, though trying to wrestle with his deep feelings for the Spartan, trying his hardest to put them behind him and keep on a stern face, his efforts to teach them had indeed proven pointless.
“Following orders isn’t really my style, you know”, Tony dared to say with a cheeky grin.
“Is that all, then?” Tony asked, not sure if he wanted to hear the answer. “When you look at me, you see nothing but a fake interest and disappointment?”
The handshake was firm, and as soon as the door was shut, Steve closed his eyes and laid back on his chair.
He looked around curiously, taking everything in, red cloths decorating the royal structures, women roaming about as they pleased. It was truly a sight he wasn’t used to at all. As he stepped into the royal palace to meet their leader, he continued to scout the area, seeing young boys train around him. The place was decorated with paintings from battles and such. He stood by the chambers of their leader, Antonius, the doors opening and walking in, his spear set to one side before he even entered the palace, the guards not allowing him to take it in.
Both of them carefully walked inside, to the other side of the room and opened the window to see a large crowd under the Tower, all of them cheering and throwing their fists in the air.
Tony’s chest felt heavy to be the one to deliver the news to him, but he knew that he had to be used to this, especially if he was going to act as his guide to this new age. A reminder, he had to actually make that suggestion, the other man would probably want to spend as much time as he could alone, or at least that seemed like the logical thing to do. Tony knew that he did that when his parents passed away, not because he was mourning, but because it felt like the weight of the world was on his shoulders, and it really was. Trying to rebuild the company from where his father had left it, to give the people more hope was a hard task and- no, that was it.
With a decisive small jump down the bed, Steve landed on his padded new legs/boots. He almost fell over straight away, he was relieved that Tony held him up, and once he stabilized himself, he realised that he was towering Tony, just a little bit, maybe an inch or two. His hands clenched, holding tightly Tony’s hand without realising. He couldn’t believe that he could stand again, seeing someone on the same level as him.
“Perhaps once more, I was wrong. I tend to be proven wrong a lot lately. You always call your people superior to mine without even knowing about it, I will not sit here and watch you tarnish us,” Steve hissed, narrowing his eyes. “You do nothing but prove me wrong and I had hoped to change that. But I am wrong and, of course, Spartan, you are right.” Steve stood and turned to him. “Everything you do is apparently dictated by the gods you serve. You are never wrong, are you? What need is there for a teacher whose pupils teach them?”
Tony’s word trailed off, walking slowly towards it with his arms spread.
“No problem. Try not to stay awake for too long”
The captain was fast asleep yet again before him, but all that mattered to Tony right now was the fact that he, Tony Stark, actually helped Steve Rogers in a way nobody could. He was the one that could fight off the bogeyman, the only one able to defend the mighty Avenger, and all that by doing one thing he thought he could never do; love someone so dearly and unconditionally.
Reed’s voice was heard in the distance and made Steve snap out of his thoughts. The sight in front of him was unbearable and took its toll on him, even Reed could tell.
“What? For what?”, Tony asked in confusion.
“Insolent pest!”, Stane shouted as he managed to grab Steve’s leg and before the blonde could react, he grabbed him and held him tightly, squeezing his chest. The shield fell from his hands, landing on the ground with a loud thump, Steve having to fight for air as he felt his ribs cracking.
The way that Tony was circling him seemed so predatory, as though he was a tiger circling his prey, but Steve thought himself strong. He needed to stand tall, just as he was taught to, with his nose high in the air and straight posture.
“So Pepper was into this as well? I’m having a talk with the two of you once we’re back..”, Tony replied as he inspected the other man, making sure that he was all right. “So what, are you coming with us now? Because we’re actually ready to head up to the North any moment now”
“I’m not doing a favour to anyone, and I don’t want you to repay me either,” Tony answered. “No, I do enjoy what we do and I don’t want it to end, but the question here is, do you want this to carry on? Do you like it as much as I do? I want this to continue because it is wanted, not as part of our deal.”
“6 am.”
“No…”, Tony murmured again, pulling away.
“You flatter me, but I don’t need tales,” he said before stepping away.
“That’s interesting,” Tony nodded, stretching as Steve took a sip from the large cup. “Well, I’m comfortable here, but I will feel even better after I’ve take a bath.”
“You don’t need to thank me about anything, Steve, I really mean this.. I’m the one who should thank you, you saved my life, everything seems to be going great ever since I found you.. you’re almost like my lucky charm”, the man smiled. “No, more than just that..”
Steve’s eyes widened as he felt Tony push deep inside, and then Tony was filling him, some dripping down his thighs as his own release followed. He collapsed on the bed with a loud thump, panting heavily. Never before had he been in such pleasure and he lay there with his knuckles bright red from how tightly he had clutched the sheets. His palms were red too, along with most of his body, his pale, delicate skin covered by patches of heat and sweat as he closed his eyes in satisfaction. He didn’t want Tony to pull out. In fact, he loved the feeling; it made him feel complete.
“Steve. Steve! Stay with me, no!” he kept yelling, looking around for something, anything, that would save him. But he received no help. “No, no, this is not happening. I can help you, Steve..! Steve!” The blood from his hands dirtied the man’s golden mane as soon as he took of his majestic helmet, the colour draining from Steve's face.
“If I said no, would you stay because of me?” Tony asked. “Or because you really wanted to?”
“Let him out of there.”
Tony shouting seemed to be pointless, Steve knew how to perfectly work his jet boots by now and started hovering in midair before adjusting his posture and jetting off to the distance. His heart started beating faster; what if he fell, what if something happened to him if he ended up there safely? He suddenly remembered the failsafe; of course the scientists had a way to stop Steve if they wanted to, there was no way they could fight against him, and the only way to stop him was to take away the gift they gave to him. He had to hurry up, there was no time to spare, the jet boots could get Steve there faster than his fastest car in his garage.
“I’ll try to.. It’s going to be..a long day”, Steve agreed, rubbing the back of his head. “Thank you for this, Tony.. I mean, for all of this, not just the lunch and the company”. Words were never his forte, actions did it for him; he could talk and give inspiring words to his platoon, but when it came to talking about some kind of feelings, he would just lose it. But then again, that was strange, there were no feelings included in this, it was just him trying to thank Tony for what he had done so far for him, nothing else, or so he thought.
“You come back from whenever you were for a whole month and starting talking about leading and organising the Avengers?”
“Can’t you be serious for one moment here?”
Tony rolled his eyes at Steve, gesturing at a different punching bag. “Okay, use less force now, let’s see what else is there”
“And you think that you and whatever men you have creeping around can stop Captain America? Really, Obi? I feel sorry for you”, Tony laughed, receiving a menacing smile from Stane.
“Are you two lovebirds done?”, Stane’s voice was heard, the ground trembling when he walked towards them, hitting one of the pillars, doing the same to the one next to it.
“I wasn’t leaving, I was going to pull a chair closer..”, Steve reassured him, and Tony nodded, patting the bed.
“I’m just teasing you, Cap, relax”, Tony cut him before placing a hand on top of Steve’s, feeling how warm it felt against his own palm, trying to pass it off as a casual touch, but the way that Steve looked at him didn’t make him believe that anything going on at that moment was anywhere near innocent and friendly.
“Sure thing”, Tony nodded as he put all the empty packages at side and watched the Captain giving him a small wave, heading back to his room. The next would have been eventful for the both of them, he was sure about it.
“A villain? I think that you misunderstood me here.. I’m simply doing business.. I asked you to pass the Captain to undergo some little experiments.. but you kept him away for yourself like the spoilt brat you are. So I figured out how to get him back! Dogs are loyal to their owners, right? He’ll come running to you any moment now”, Stane laughed as he approached Tony.
“Is that the only reason why you want me alive?” Tony asked as he pulled back from the kiss, watching Steve’s eyes glimmer in the dark.
“Read about what?”, Steve asked curiously.
After adjusting himself better, he put an arm around Steve’s head, touching him firmly yet softly. Steve got even closer, his head resting on top of Tony’s chest, the warm heat and buzzing sound emerging from his reactor acting like his personal lullaby. Before Tony could make sure that Steve was comfortable, he realised that his partner was fast asleep and smiled to himself.
Tony opened his mouth like he was going to reply to that comment, but instead chose to stay silent.
“He has his contacts...”, the driver said cryptically, waiting by the door as he left the apartment keys by it.
“Oh? How so?”, Tony asked curiously, doing the same to Steve, playing with the wings that were hanging from his cowl.
“We’re not your enemies, we’re here on behalf of the American government. We need to fill you in about what happened, Captain, if you would like to come with me in-”
“What’s wrong?”, he asked with a yawn, not bothering to cover his mouth.
Steve’s pushed at the fabric of Tony’s tunic, wanting to feel more of his skin down his back. After a while, Steve pulled back from the kiss and nodded slowly, feeling a strong bond between them that he had never felt before.
“Amongst other educational facilities,” Steve said. “I was taught all over Athens by our finest. Though it doesn’t mean that I am on par with such minds, I have only been a student.”
“Is it just with the men or with the women too?” Steve asked, cupping the water in his hands and rubbing it over his face. He wet his blonde hair next, causing it to appear more golden with the droplets sparkling over it.
Steve huffed slightly, knowing that Tony wouldn’t give up; they both shared that trait, being as stubborn as a mule, but still, Tony was the first one to attempt and console him, which made his heart flutter a bit at the thought of being so privileged.
Tony coughed and stood on his legs again, hearing the rage in the man’s voice, the same tone that he had used against him before. “I did everything I could but it was not good enough! I can’t stop wars, Steve, I’m a war bringer, the son of Ares, remember?” he cried in return, his arms spread as the killing around them resumed.
“It wasn't supposed to be like this…”, he simply said, walking away.
”, he thought, feeling like hitting the man on the floor hard on the chest, make him come back to them, make up for everything that happened between them, the whole misunderstanding. And there he was, ready to give up on all hope.
Steve swallowed down, thinking for a moment and just standing up. “Are you free tomorrow? There’s someone that I want you to meet.”
“Yeah...”, Bucky daydreamed. He was lucky to have his girl after all this, to have someone so close to him to help him with his struggles. In a way, Steve was sort of jealous, he wouldn’t mind not having to go through all that alone. Yet, he was happy that a friend was happy, it was simply how he was.
“It’s all reforged now, it’s as good as always, dare to say even better. I played a bit with it, it has uru-infused enchantments so it’s safe to say that it is indeed, stronger. I can take care of that scar if you want me to-“
Tony had started to develop some feelings of admiration and respect for the man but, on top of that, he wanted Steve to stay for a while. He actually wanted to help Steve's people and stop that lunatic fate that threatened them. There was no way he would march into battle against a man who showed him nothing but kindness, who held him so close and treated him in such a delicate way.
“I’m going to the amphitheatre, if you’re headed there too?” he called back.
“We can’t exclude that… can we?”, Steve asked Bruce.
“You’re not the guy to make the sacrifice play. To lay down on a wire, to let the other guy crawl over you”. It seemed like Steve had no intention to stop, and Tony was just not in the mood to fight back, it wasn’t even worth it.
“I’m going to cut you right here, Stark. I’m not sure if you were informed, but I didn’t give my final reply yet. I will after you show me around first.”
Steve furrowed his eyebrows a little. “I am a man of justice; I cannot let you spare us favours. There is always a price for kindness,” he explained. “You said you enjoy what we do? Did I make a mistake?”
“I’m glad,” Tony nodded as he poked at the fire with a stick. “It takes a lot to undone certain things. And I wouldn’t want to risk our friendship.”
“Well, you better believe it, Stark”, Steve said with a chuckle. “Those pictures sure sugar coated a good number of things.. but that’s what people wanted to see, right? So they gave it to them”, he added as he saw his shield being thrown at some HYDRA soldiers behind a shut door.
Tony didn’t fight back this time around. Instead he placed his hands over Steve’s and looked at him calmly, just like Steve did before. “You’re not a coward but you decide to sit back let fate decide when you can change everything”
“He might be self-destructive, but killing himself to prove you wrong? That’s just childish.”
“I wouldn’t know but... I hope so?” Steve said softly.
“I’m not pitying you, Athenian,” Tony replied more calmly, trying to be more careful with words now that they were left alone. “You know nothing about me, but know this; I treat every man as equal, and pitying you is something I would never do. And yes, you might be right; I might be too proud, but that’s what I have, that’s my armour, I can’t go to war without it. I’m still offering you a chance to try and teach me 'your ways,' as you’ve put it."
And he stared at the handle of the door for a moment before he made up his mind, his hand slowly lowering it, pressing down.
The blonde shook his head. “What happened really, in 70 years? You can’t just tell me that everything changed and expect me to accept it, I’m sure you understand-”
“There is no point! You are wasting my time with my people!”
Steve was getting more and more frustrated, being torn himself between his pride and being a good person. He thought he understood Tony, he wished he did, but every time he tried to something seemed to push him back and it hurt him. So why not raise his own walls to counter? When Steve was hurt he would raise his defence, hide behind his shield to protect him, in this instant his words were his shield.
“My weapons are made by Hephaestus himself, mortal! There is no way you can win this battle," Tony cried as he fell down, wiping the blood from his mouth before the wound seemed to heal. He got to his feet and ran towards Steve, trying to get the shield out of his hands.
“Gentlemen, please, I’m sure that we’ll be able to discuss this-”
The super soldier serum, that was it. It had to be it. The government experiments that his father also overlooked during the war, the promise of a new breed of super soldiers that would have won the war... What did he read about it... It was flawed in some ways, too many side effects... Could it also favour cryogenesis? Was it possible that the Captain’s fall into the icy cold ocean combined with the serum that was running in his veins could have kept him alive? Too many questions needed answering, and right now, their priority was to see if the soldier was indeed meant to be saved.
“I guess I just wanted his approval.. you know? Sometimes it’s good to know that I’m doing something useful, that I’m not just a burden to him, to my mother.. I always wanted to impress him, one way or another, and no matter how messed up his ideas of how I should be were, I followed them, just to please him. Even when I drank the entire glass he handed to me, it still wasn’t enough.. That’s where you came in”, he said, looking at Steve, relieved to see that he was still listening to his every word. “I know it was Cap, but.. when I would go to my room and read your comics, I felt that someone was actually thinking that I was doing something useful for once. Every time that Cap would raise his thumb and I would read ‘Good job, Soldier!’, I couldn’t help but think that it was directed to me.. and that made me feel special.. I now know that every kid that read the comics thought the same thing but.. it was comforting to me”, he admitted.
Tony shook his head, taking a deep breath. “I don’t want this deal any more, I want out. I will protect your people nevertheless, but not because of a deal. I will do it because I don’t want you gone, or your city. You can show so much to us, and for that to be lost... No, I won’t allow it. You can leave if you want and go back to Athens, and I’ll still do it, I’m not going to keep you here.”
Needless to say, when Steve slipped in the bed during his first night, it made Tony jump. He wasn’t used to feeling so warm when spooning with Steve, but he got used to it. It was actually really sweet seeing Steve curled up on the end of the bed by the time he woke up, his huge tail wrapped around him protectively.
“The last report we ever got of you being alive, was back in the 40’s, you dived into the ocean, didn’t you? The date today is...”, he stopped, not sure how the man would react to the news. “..the 15 of January..2013..”, he said, swallowing down.
“For old time’s sake”, he whispered as he put the tooth on his night table, turning off the light and shutting his eyes.
Tony’s eyes widened as the man before them started shaking violently, his skin started to turn grey, his whole body growing, but the muscles weren’t popping out consistently, it seemed that Stane’s body was trying to accommodate the serum and failing.
“Take it slow, try to move it, like you would do with normal legs”
“And you? Where did you grow up..? When we met you said that Howard was-“
“What do you think that I came here to do?”, Rhodey said as he fixed the large bag on his shoulders. “And besides, someone needs to keep you out of trouble, make sure that you don’t end up under the ice, the usual”, he continued.
Once he was done, he walked over to the grave sites, where headstones and memorial structures commemorated the fallen soldiers. Though they weren’t men of his city, he still mourned for the loss of lives, sitting down on a large stone overlooking them.
“I..like you too. Not just your company.”
“Sheriff Rogers, huh..?”, he smiled to himself, finishing the glass of whiskey in his hands.
Tony couldn’t help but exaggerate that smug smile on his face, especially when he knew that Steve couldn’t see him, let alone being aware of his presence in the room. He licked his lips when he saw that he was wearing the boxers he got him, always such a beautiful sight, the soft fabric fitting perfectly over his tight muscles, the front leaving little to his imagination of what was hiding inside it.
“I don’t think that this has to do anything with Bucky, Tony..”, Steve said in an attempt to not make the conversation awkward, not sure where Tony was taking it, even though for a strange reason, his own heartbeat started to pick up.
“I’m pretty sure we do, you know. I felt it," he nodded, getting closer to Steve as he smiled.
“This was your second chance, and you once more let your superiority complex lead you. Perhaps the man that I had met in Thebes was just... A façade.”
After he appreciated every visible muscle of Steve’s body, Tony lifted his head up again, smiling at Steve and leaning forward to give his lips a soft kiss. “How are you feeling?” he asked gently.
“Steve!Steve,wake up!Steve!”, he called, again and again, trembling as he did so.
It had been almost a month now since Tony Stark disappeared from the face of Earth. Rhodey and Pepper called on the Avengers for help; with S.H.I.E.L.D disbanded, they didn't know who else to contact. They both tried their hardest to figure out what happened, but it was almost like Tony really just… vaporised, just ceased existing. No signs of struggle anywhere that he may had been, no notes, no indication on where he could be.
“I’ve never been so close to anybody either and I don’t want this to change,” Tony said, linking their fingers again. “It’s like, you know, when you kiss me, it feels that this should have happened so long ago, it’s so, fitting?”
Steve felt so relaxed, feeling the kisses over his lips, tilting his head up to kiss Tony back. But he felt something deeper in each kiss, craving him more and more, as though Tony was pouring all his emotion into it.
Steve opened his eyes; he wouldn’t exactly call it flying, more like hovering a few inches above ground, which was still amazing to begin with.
“You have wings, can’t you just...fly here and ring on my doorbell or something? Why were you so eager to see me anyway?”
“You fell from the sky. Where on Earth have you been?”, Steve asked, making sure that Tony didn't have any further injuries. “Pepper and Rhodey are downstairs, they’re getting some coffee, I offered to stay here in case you would wake up. You gave everyone a good scare, you know, you've been gone for over a month.”
The rest of the hot chocolate was tasted but never finished; the winner was pretty clear at that point, and Tony rewarded him in the way he knew best.
“Because I was the one to drive him to do so!”, Steve cut him, shaking his head.
“Did you? You actually really missed me? As much as I did?”
“You’re sorry? Save your breath, Stark. I'm going out to save what’s left of this world before it’s too late.”
“Science?” Steve asked. “You would rather be a doctor?”
“He sacrificed himself to save the rest of you and prove you wrong?”, Tony asked; this sounded like something he would do, which made him shrug slightly.
“I...uh”
“Sometimes you just have to grab the bull by the horns”, Steve replied as he ran behind him, jumping on the man’s back, trying to hold on him as he shook himself to throw the soldier off.
Tony internally cursed his big mouth; he should have spoken after all this, not during the progression of what it seemed to be such an intimate moment for them.
“I understand,” Steve said softly, keeping his arms tightly wrapped around himself. He walked on, keeping quiet for a while.
Reed hesitated for a moment, but nodded and did as he was told; arguing with Cap after the intense talk with Kang wasn’t something that he wanted go through. Besides, Steve and Tony were the leaders of the Avengers, if they were to face Kang soon, they had to work together again, which seemed impossible now.
Steve was slightly taken back by the sudden burst of expression, falling quiet. He was never one for shouting. Even throughout all his time in the army, he would try his hardest not to shout. Since he had become a tactician rather than fight, due to his mother’s command, he began to withdraw whenever anyone decided to shout at him, which was not often at all. He quickly took a step away from Tony the moment Tony raised his voice, giving him a look of acknowledgement nonetheless.
“Really? What ungodly hour do you wake up at?”, the other man asked lazily.
Steve placed both of his hands on Tony’s face, either side of his jaw, to stare deeply into his eyes. “I wish to make you happy and feel loved,” he confessed. “That’s all l want.”
“You really had free time on your hands, didn't you?”, Steve asked as he sat down, looking at Tony.
“I look forward to this, going to Sparta to teach,” he said somewhat proudly.
Steve tucked in his lower lip, giving Tony a shy smile. “Well we were in your place of rest, together...” he said, taking a deep breath and closing his eyes to hide from the embarrassment as he made up his mind. “Our bodies were tangled together under your linens, my legs and yours...” he said, a small cough following his words.
“I am a man who keeps his promises,” Tony felt the need to add, not really wanting to part.
“Trust you?”, Steve asked with a dark laugh. “Do I even need to carry on talking?”
Falling asleep wasn’t easy, not when they were so close to their destination and a discovery that would shake their world. Finding the Infinity Gauntlet, that one legendary artifact that wasn’t meant to exist, was all the excitement that Tony ever needed in his life. He had promised so many people that this was his last adventure, but he knew very well how hard it would be to keep such a promise.
“And am I the man you thought I would be?” Steve asked in return, raising his eyebrow.
“So far you’ve done nothing but redeem yourself in my eyes,” Steve said gently, straying his hand through his hair.
Tony shook his head and lightly kicked Steve on his arm.
“I’ll show him how he’s wrong, how killing you or your people will be nothing but our downfall,” Tony said. “I’m my own man now, Steve. I will do as I deem right.”
“It was a failure, in that I didn’t achieve what I had set out to,” Steve said, admiring some of the weaving and patterns that were on the cloths.
“Can you hear me? This is Captain Steve Rogers speaking.”, he spoke, loud and clear.
“Is this not... Private?” he managed, trying to speak quickly. “My mother ensures that the baths I take are for me alone.”
“I’ll get the couch tonight”, Steve huffed, reaching for his pillow and turning around to put his socks on.
“Let’s not focus on me, shall we?”, Tony said, but the look on Steve’s face of pure interest did make him sigh. “I know that you knew my father, but the man you met and I’ve lived with was different. I know that maybe I can’t convince you otherwise, but there’s no point of bringing him up if you’re going to deflect what I might say”
He would always stick to the old ways that he was taught, to the idea that women should be sheltered instead of roaming free and flaunting themselves. He kept his eyes down and took another sip of the wine, closing his eyes momentarily.
Tony did the same, and it was then when their hands brushed against each other, both of them pulling away quickly. It couldn’t be, was Steve actually..
Steve didn’t really know what he was doing. He was trying to do what he’d learned before, which in truth wasn’t very much. Kissing was pretty much all he knew about. And his mind was pretty creative, which was where the dream had come from, but he knew nothing specific. Even the dream had just been their bodies gliding together.
“What..?”
The moment was interrupted by Fury’s voice in their ears. “Coulson is down. They called it.”
But Steve blinked and covered his eyes with his hands.
Steve shook his head, unsure whether he should trust him or not, he always regretted opening his heart to others, and this was no different.
Steve tried not to think of his head being split open; he signed up for this, whatever it was, there was no turning back.
“And who might you be, mortal?" Tony asked, unmoving, carefully inspecting the man’s strange appearance.
“Yes, the truth," he nodded.
“I wouldn’t have a reason to come and see if your teeth were all well!”
Tony smirked, a victorious smirk. Steve was starting to warm up on him, or at least he chose to believe that.
come to those who wait after all, Rhodey!” He goes into Game Show Host mode. “Congratulations, sweetheart! For putting up with me for more than a decade,
“Hold on a minute, I never agreed to-”
“You haven’t.” Steve’s big hands come up to cradle Tony’s face. “
“But I won’t.”
“Because it’s
“Just because I don’t have the suit with me doesn’t mean I can’t still kick your ass, Rhodes.”
Tony hears it and flinches, tries to pull away, but Steve wraps his long fingers around both of Tony’s wrists, keeping Tony right where he is. Steve’s other hand slips down the waistband of Tony’s jeans and boxers, mouth still working over Tony’s neck. Tony squirms. He can feel Steve’s hardness against his thigh. The uncomfortable tightness of Tony’s jeans is bordering on the edge of painful. Heat coils in Tony’s lower belly, building up to dizzying heights.
Pepper doesn’t cry, even though Tony half-expects her to. She’s done all her crying during the past few weeks, screaming and ranting and searching desperately for a way out, a third option, a miracle solution. Then she cried some more when she found out Tony had transferred all his company shares to her and appointed her CEO, accusing him of giving up.
I’ve never had a romantic relationship that lasted more than a few months, you do know that?”
“I don’t want anything you don’t want to give me,” Steve says stiffly.
The cabin doesn’t have a library or gym or TV room, for instance.
This dicey and unspoken armistice lasts for all of a week before it pops like a shimmering soap bubble floating unwisely close to Gerald’s impish paws.
“Still here, I see.”
“You seem to have started a trend,” Tony informs him.
“Pepper wouldn’t either.”
The American Dream himself stands in front of Tony. Steve Rogers is in a black motorcycle jacket over a soft-looking blue T-shirt with a white star in the center of his chest. Tony knows that Steve has an entire wardrobe full of similarly designed T-shirts in varying shades of blue. Or at least, he used to. Tony isn’t really in a position to know what Steve has in his wardrobes these days. The thought is sobering, like a bucket of cold water thrown over a hungover man, the drunkenness and residual lethargy sloughing off, leaving unwelcome lucidity and jarring cognizance in its wake.
The phrase ‘better in small doses’ comes to mind. And in Tony’s case, it’s very,
There’s a pause. He can tell that Steve is wrong-footed by the non sequitur. “Like needles were being jabbed in every part of my body,” Steve says. “Every cell was being rewritten. As if every bone was being broken and fused into glass. I didn’t know pain like that existed before then.”
“Hello?”
“Yep, still here.” Nick grinds the burning end of his ciggy against the wooden wall, leaving an ashy burn mark against the baby-blue paint. “No need to sound so down in the dumps about it. I’ll be out of your hair soon enough. Just wanted a word before I leave. File a complaint with the welcoming committee.”
Tony knows that Pepper and Happy used to do their own laundry separately, because they were both inordinately pernickety over what kind of detergents they liked and hated getting the two different scents mixed up. It was something that tickled Tony and Rhodey to no end.
He tears down the garage and rebuilds it as a workshop. He revamps the cabin’s exterior and interior walls and then goes a little crazy with the dozen cans of Dulux Blue Babe. He’s an impulsive shopper. So, his furniture rather resembles a mix-and-match dollhouse owned by a color-blind toddler.
“So… you and Colonel Rhodes… and Miss Potts…” Steve seems to be choking on his own tongue. Tony takes pity on him.
friends.” The lilt of his voice turns affectionate. “They’re pretty much pathologically incapable of not taking my side. Happy-” Tony lets out a hacking cough, and he suddenly sounds like he’s suffering from a hellacious head-cold. “Happy was the same as well.”
Tony Stark has just had the floor yanked right out from under his feet, but no one would know it just by looking at him. His countenance screams boredom and maybe slight disappointment, like he’s done nothing more exciting than venture from his gilded Tower and walk down the street to the bodega only to be told that they’ve run out of his favorite flavor of fruit juice.
Tony is going to be late for work.
“Getting some mixed signals here, Cap.” Tony feels light-headed, exposing his neck to give Steve better access.
Tony blames the dregs of his disorientation for what comes spewing out of his mouth next. “They’re sleeping with me.”
“Mr. Stark.”
. All this nature and self-imposed solitude are obviously driving him out of his mind.)
And she
small doses.
uncertain whether that particular chapter of his life happened because a little voice in his head
Tony pulls off the tape sealing Clint’s letter. The sharp edges of the envelope slices shallowly into his thumb and leaves a tiny blot of red on the paper. Blood wells up from the thin cut and beads up on his skin. He sticks the digit into his mouth and sucks, tasting copper.
It’s almost sunset. The daylight has dimmed and the cheerful white clouds overhead have been highlighted orange. Dugan and Maria, standing only a few feet from each other, are debating at the top of their lungs about whether or not the faint rustling noise Dugan heard earlier was a squirrel or a cleverly concealed HYDRA agent. Tony swings the backpack over one shoulder, tucking the black bike helmet under his armpit.
By the time Tony reaches bumfuck Newfoundland, he’s thoroughly sick of trees. Trees are fine and dandy is one wants to be calm and serene. Tony has no problem with calming and serene trees, just as long as those trees are being calming and serene far, far away from him.
That’s fair.
Tony lets himself lean into the other man’s strength. “Oh, I’m sure I can find a loophole to that.”
“God-damnit, Tony!
“Never in your dreams maybe,” Rhodey says mockingly. “One emotional heart-to-heart with a side order of manly tears, to go.”
Tony’s vibrating in his seat. He’s metaphorically bouncing off the walls. He doesn’t know how long he’s been stuck in this cramped, confined space. The wait is the most horrible part of it. The drawn-out uncertainty, the restlessness and the ambivalence, like a miniature python swimming through his veins, coiling round and round his chest and heart and lungs, squeezing, constricting his windpipe, cutting off his airflow.
He loved the lack of reporters, the anonymity, the absence of public scrutiny on his every move. No corporate troubles. No people trying to
“Stop what?”
“You told me once.” Tony fiddles with the TV remote just for something to do with his hands. “That being injected with the super soldier serum was the worst pain in your life.”
“I know that too.”
“Usually the first in line,” Rhodey deadpans.
“I want to be a good person too.” Tony smiles humorlessly. “I wanted it very, very badly. And I tried very, very hard to be one.
“My two closest friends – what would I do without you?” Tony marvels.
“Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety,” Tony says loftily.
Tony checks his wristwatch.
.” Tony makes jazz hands. “Every time you two call it quits, saying that it’s final, that it’s over, that
“We were discussing the merits of Steve having a foursome with Carter, Wilson, and Barnes,” Tony informs her conversationally.
question is why you’ve put up with me for so long,” Tony jests. “But you see, good things
“You talking to me and Pep, or the dog?”
Tony leans against the metal frame of the swing. The sky is dusky purple. The moon hands luminous and incandescent above them. As he watches, stars blink into view, forming patchy constellations.
Long-term exposure to the wilderness seems to be making his metaphors worse.
Tony hangs up. He steps into the bakery with a swagger, the bell tinkling above the door. Jamelia looks up from her customer and her cheeks darken at the sight of him.
Four: Happy has always believed in him.
Pepper throws her arms around him. Tony presses a kiss into her sweet-smelling hair.
Something behind Steve’s azure-blue eyes seem to sputter and die. Tony presses on ruthlessly.
“Nothing much.”
Rhodey responds with an attachment: Two pictures side-by-side – the cabin and the four-seater swing set an indistinguishable baby-blue square one the left; and a picture of an actual blue square on the right.
They’re interrupted once again by a ruckus in the woods. The boughs of a pine tree rustles and out stumbles a muddy Rhodey, metaphorical smoke steaming from his ears, carrying an equally mud-caked Gerald by the scruff of his neck. Every inch of Rhodey’s clothing matches the color of his dark brown skin. Tony imagines that they look like genetically created mutant monsters risen from the depths of a swamp. Their appearance is so alarming that both Steve and Pepper take a step back.
It isn’t anything resembling the time they lived together in the Avengers Mansion, sleeping just down the hall from each other and hanging out at all hours of the day and night in the library and TV room and the kitchen and the gym and the lab.
Tony cracks open an eyelid to give Steve a slightly sleepy glare. “It was a birthday present from Pepper, if you must know. She’s the
Tony doesn’t miss the irony of their situation. Not even a year ago, Steve was assassinated on his way to a trial he never made it to. Now, it’s Tony who’s just had his sentence read to him, who’s being vilified and disparaged by the public, whose crimes have been weighted and judged.
As much as Tony opines that they would like to, Rhodey and Pepper can’t actually chaperone his and Steve’s every interaction twenty-four seven – not with Rhodey’s commitment to the USAF and SI’s board of directors breathing down Pepper’s neck.
It takes him an embarrassingly long time to spot them.
“What an idiot,” Tony says disdainfully.
Tony bulldozes right over him with the skill cultivated from more than a decade of unfaltering perniciousness in ignoring the protests and opinions of his saner and more sensible friends. “-and the two of you can deal with the leak. Find out if anyone squealed, who compromised the company servers or tracked down the paper trail. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got a lovely lady who’s been kept waiting for far too long.”
Tony awards Steve brownie points for not rising to the bait.
Tony gets a job.
Or… well, parts of it.
Dum-Dum Dugan and Maria Hill. His erstwhile deputies when he was still Director of SHIELD. Both of them has made no secret of the fact that they think he was the last person who should be leading an elite law-enforcement spy organization (which Tony privately agrees); has undermined him every time they think he’s made a wrong judgement (which is to say, all his judgements); Maria seems to think she would have made a better director herself; and Dugan has a habit of publicly, loudly, and overtly compared Tony unfavorably to Nick Fury.
“Tony, don’t you dare hang up-”
There’s a thick, poignant silence.
“That’s the whole point.” Tony nods at the glass coffee table, where a light grey mug with dark dregs at the bottom sits on a brown cork coaster, next to a plate where the remnants of some tomato-mozzarella salad sits. “I see you’ve made yourself at home.”
“No,” Steve almost shouts, shaking his head like Gerald shakes off soapy water after a bath. He still looks a bit like he’s been smacked in the face with a picture of Red Skull in a flowery bikini, but the shell-shock is rapidly receding. “No. Of course not, Tony. I… I’m happy with you.”
“You’re fired.”
He remembers loving it.
Tony raises his eyebrows at her, then looks pointedly at Dugan and Maria, both of whom have gamely turned their heads deliberately elsewhere and feigned temporary deafness.
“Bah!” Tony grumbles bad-temperedly. It’s only because he’s certain he’s alone that he gives into the petulant impulse to stomp his feet childishly. “Nature. Who needs it?”
“Like a fungus.” Maria nods.
Tony sulks and ignores them for two days.
“Glad to help.” Tony rubs his hands together. “So, what did you fight about this time?”
Spring transitions to summer. During the swelteringly hot daytime, Tony feels like he’s drowning in his own sweat, walking around in a cloud of his own stench. During the nights, which are stuffy and humid, he feels like he’s taken a bath in his clothes.
Commander Roger’s (God, Tony still can’t get use to thinking that) uniform is a darker blue, a large white star in the center of his chest against white stripes wrapping around his torso, the only color a line of red down the outside of his legs. He looks intimidating, radiating a palpable sense of disapproval and mutiny. He makes no attempt to hide his displeasure, and around him, an expanding circle of previously celebrating onlookers grow subdued.
“I couldn’t hear all of that,” Tony informs him in a solicitous tone. “But it sounded quite malicious. Don’t you know, Sourpatch? Words can hurt.”
Finally, Steve turns to face him, expression gentle and compassionate. “Tony-”
Sharon’s face creases and she stirs, turning on her side, long blonde hair sprawling over her pillow. Cold sweat beads on her forehead. She doesn’t wake, not yet. But her eyeballs roll wildly behind her half-lidded eyes as her dreams turn violent.
Eyes dark and smoldering, arousal tenting the towel around his waist, Rhodey nonetheless – with more aplomb that Tony can claim to have in that same situation – resumes drying his hair, calmly hangs up both his towels to dry, then joins them on the bed.
“For a year, you were in charge of the security of the free world. SHIELD had access to all sorts of backroom dealings, background on corrupted officials, information on the kind of things Congress was getting up to out of the public’s eye.”
“Wait. I need to do something first.” Tony puts his hands on his hips. “Stand up.”
“It was, wasn’t it? I’ve impressed myself. Were you impressed?”
“So, it’s settled then,” Tony decides. “Division of labor. I’ll deal with Rogers. You deal with Pepper-”
Pepper ignores him. “It’s a bit of a fixer-upper, but the point is no one will miss it.”
“I got you killed,” Tony says, like he’s confessing a sin to a priest.
Tony’s emotions fluctuate wildly from shock – numbness – confusion – dread – an absurd fondness – melancholy – grief – wistfulness – fear – so speedily that he gives himself whiplash, his thoughts tripping over themselves, until finally the convoluted impressions coalesce to form a kind of vague panic.
“Yep,” Tony mutters to himself. “Still got it.”
“I don’t want to know what’s in your ass, Tony.”
Tony shuffles his feet. He knows that if Rhodey were here, he’d be wearing his Tony-You-Can’t-Bullshit-Your-Way-Out-Of-This-Anymore expression, painstakingly refined and diligently fine-tuned during the ten years of their friendships and field-tested on all of Tony’s occasionally asinine, usually nonsensical, always hare-brained misadventures.
He waits, phone pressed to his ear, listening mindlessly to the rustling as Rhodey gathers himself and picks up his mobile. “I didn’t tell him,” Rhodey immediately says.
“That’s not your decision to make,” Steve says, voice like steel.
“Turncoat.” Tony scowls at Gerald.
Tony’s silence is all the answer he needs.
Tony wants to sob. He keeps waiting for the day when thinking of Happy finally stops feeling like he’s acquired another set of shrapnel inching their way towards his heart, cutting into his tissues and muscles and vital internal organs. He’s still waiting. He’s still mourning Happy. He thinks he’s going to be mourning Happy forever.
“You never looked at the three of them and wondered… or Sharon never suggested… you and Wilson and Barnes never tried to experiment-”
“Nick was the one who said he wanted Sharon as his second.”
Well. No use in any sort of pretense now. Tony meets Steve’s goggling eyes head on and says firmly, with no chance of misinterpretation. “Pepper and Rhodey will be sleeping with me. In both the literal and biblical sense.”
Tony ducks his head, directing his focus into fussing over Gerald, who seems blissfully nescient over the mounting tension in the room. Seconds pass with no sound but the puppy’s soft woofs, and Tony scrounges up the last few vestiges of his valor and sneaks a look at Steve, only to find the other man already contemplating him. There’s something alarmingly resembling expectation on Steve’s face, his elbows on the armrests, fingers tented, the very picture of equanimity and stoicism.
Tony Stark doesn’t want America either.
by the stuff, Tony is about ready to do his nut.
get a multi-billion fortune! Don’t spend all your inheritance on sweets.”
Tony seals off the attic and leaves the roof as it is because he can’t bear to kick out the bats living there, no matter if they’re basically a swarm of smelly and noisy menaces. He supposes that technically, the bats were here first.
But iron can always be re-forged in sufficiently hot fires.
“You’re wearing that?” Tony asks hoarsely, the wind expelled from his lungs like he’s just been sucker-punched.
One: Newton’s Laws of Motion
“That’s better.” Tony slurs slightly, blue eyes going half-lidded. He looks up at an exasperated Steve. “They make these for space crafts, you know.”
Steve moves closer, so close Tony can see his every blond lash. Steve’s warm breath fans over Tony’s cheeks. Tony wants to back away, but he’s rooted to the spot, like his feet are stapled down.
“Come on, Stark.” Nick crosses his arms and leans against the wall in an artificially lackadaisical manner. “You must have known. At the very least, you must have already guessed. You’d have to be dense as a brick not to.” Tony shakes his head mutely. “You’re not a stupid man, Stark. Do us both a favor and stop pretending to be one.”
“Yeah.”
Gerald darts out of the house before Tony can shut him inside again. Gerald takes one look at Steve, and his tail instantly rises, tremoring slightly. He bares his teeth, growling in what is supposed to be a menacing way but mostly just seems cute. Despite himself, Tony has to force his lips not to twitch.
They’re sitting facing each other. Apparently, their combined weight is too much for the swing-set, whose mechanical joints squeak in protest, or maybe they just need oiling. The summer air smells of fresh pine and ripe fruit. Above them, the pale blue sky is steadily being enshrouded by a thin veil of pale grey clouds. Pepper is indoors, taking a call from one of SI’s major shareholders. Rhodey is otherwise occupied. Tony has bribed Gerald with the dessert of his choice from the pet bakery if the puppy distracts Rhodey long enough for Tony and Steve to speak alone, a task which Gerald effectuates meritoriously by stealing the homing device for Rhodey’s War Machine armor and running off into the wilderness with it. Tony doesn’t envisage seeing Rhodey or Gerald again for at least a few hours.
“Not since Happy died.” Tony has to work not to choke on
tongue. It will always be difficult to talk about Happy, doubly so on this topic, no matter how much time has passed.
Happy’s pajamas still smell like his favorite laundry detergent – cleanliness and aloe. It’s a cheap brand that Tony can’t remember off the top off his head. Tony wonders if Pepper still keeps all of her husband’s clothes, if she can bear to throw any of them away, if they’re gathering dust in taped over boxes in the storage closet, or are they still hung and folded in the wardrobe, if she washes them periodically so that they still retain Happy’s smell. Tony visualizes Pepper and Rhodey sorting through Happy’s clothes, deciding which to keep for themselves and which to put away, and feels a rush of shameful envy and simultaneous guilty relief.
Rhodey and Pepper, he knows, are waiting outside the courthouse. His two best friends, loyal to the end, will stay with him until he crosses the border. And since his two best friends are also his
“No,” Tony says, not unkindly. “You don’t. You’ve never needed anyone the way I’ve needed them. When Happy died – that pain and the grief – I never want to go through that again. It was worse than dying. The worst thing I’ve ever gone through in my entire life.”
“What makes you so certain?”
Tony removes the sunglasses from his mouth. “Don’t judge me,” He tells Gerald.
Steve sits in Tony’s fancy lounge chair, TV remote in hand, expression too schooled and appearing inordinately interested in Caesar Millan’s bloody hand for him not to have at least overheard some of what Fury has said to Tony. They can both continue to play dumb and ignore the elephant in the room for as long as possible, or Tony can stop being a pussy and finally confront him. Tony crosses the room to stand in front of Steve, shoving at his shoulder in a tacit request for him to make room.
The puppy barks joyfully, plainly not comprehending a word, tongue lolling out of his panting mouth.
Oh. Maybe Steve had travelled back to after Civil War?
They urgently moved against each other, Tony's noises turning into whimpers and Steve could feel him pressing his pelvis further down so his dick rubbed against Steve's belly with every thrust. Adjusting his rhythm slightly, it only took a few more thrusts until Tony moaned and came between them, his body arching against Steve. It didn't take long for Steve to follow suit, he just kept moving against Tony and his squeezing inner muscles until he climaxed as well.
As if to convince himself Steve continued to talk even though he moved slightly into Tony's touch. "It's a really cool cave, baby. There's a little tidal pool and it's all pretty looking out over the sea..."
“That’s a nice surprise to come home to”, Tony commented and Steve immediately whipped around, embarrassed. “Hi”, Steve spluttered, trying to get the apron over his head and waving at the ceiling to get JARVIS to turn off the music. The AI turned the volume down, at least something.
“I would never do that to you”, Steve had interjected, horrified. He would never leave the team behind like that.
Those words worked wonders, Peter scurried over and let himself be wrapped into a big, fluffy towel before the family sat down with the juice and enjoyed the muffins.
"So", Tony said quietly and patted down Peter's duvet. "I heard you didn't have your afternoon nap because of some spiders."
“I –“ Steve didn’t know what to say. There was nothing he wanted more in this world than to hug Tony, but he still wasn’t entirely sure that this was his Tony. That he was Tony’s Steve. That he belonged into this world.
"Hrmpf", Tony said.
When Peter arrived at the other side of the pool, Tony started to clap. “Well done!”, he cheered, grinning proudly. “Maybe your superhero name is going to be Aquaman.”
They closed in and there was a flat plateau maybe half a meter over the water line. It wasn't entirely covered by rocks, but they hugged it from two sides as if someone had just bitten out a piece.
But as soon as he had entered the quantum space he felt like he was being squeezed backwards, like he was completely taken apart and reassembled, with every piece of him just an inch further to the left. It was unsettling and Steve started to panic, but before the horror could properly take hold of him the time stream had already spit him back out.
Steve didn’t take his eyes off Peter in the water when he squeezed Tony's hand. “Stop worrying Tony, I can feel you thinking.”
Steve licked over Tony's throat and pressed a single kiss to the arc reactor in his chest. Every single time when he had Tony in his arms, naked and willing and so hot, Steve wanted to devour every part of Tony while telling him how much he loved him. And he did, he did it over and over and Steve still wanted to ruin Tony again, show him that he was his.
?” He didn’t sound mad, more resigned. As if he expected Steve to come to his senses now.
He pulled Tony's shorts off and helped him to lie back without hitting his head on the stone. Tony blinked and looked at Steve from half-lidded eyes which gave him an almost innocent appearance. Steve had to bite his lip when he looked over Tony's body, his half-hard dick all laid out for him like a feast. "Look at you",  he mumbled and traced a finger over Tony's nipple, making him writhe a little.
Tony put the salve into the sink and grabbed Steve’s hand, holding onto it and pressing it to his arc reactor. “Do you feel this?”, Tony asked in a hoarse voice.
"We should swim back", Steve whispered into Tony's ear. "Because I don't want to risk another algae attacking you. I'd rather attack you myself."
“Just let me make sure it’s okay”, Tony said to Steve after sitting him down on the closed toilet lid and before he peeled the band aid off. The look on Tony’s face after realising that the slight burn wound had completely disappeared almost made Steve laugh. “Oh.” Tony was holding his salve in one hand and the crumpled up band aid in the other, staring at Steve’s finger like he couldn’t decide if he should be offended or not.
"Huh!" Steve immediately caught Tony, holding his body safe and close while Tony wrapped his legs around Steve's waist and his arms around Steve's neck. "Mr. Stark, you're quite the catch."
"Yes", Tony agreed immediately and went back to grab his abandoned juice cocktail. "Time for the after-swim party!"
by coming out here to his lake house. Peter was still one of his number one priorities and Steve was pretty sure he’d heard the boy call Tony ‘dad’ on more than one occasion; and Tony had already informed him that Peter came over every Saturday. After that, when Steve read up on the legalities of adoption in New York, he wondered if Tony was happy. Tony didn’t seem unhappy, but he wasn’t with Pepper anymore and Steve wondered if he was lonely. Of course not right now, Steve was here, filling notebooks with sketches and Tony’s fridge with exotic fruit and Tony’s evenings with conversation. But before Steve, and – even though Steve did not want to think about that yet – after Steve would leave again. It just wasn’t the same, was it? As much as Steve wished he could be to Tony what Pepper had been a couple of years ago, he knew it wouldn’t happen. He focused on trying not to disrupt Tony’s life too much until he had figured out what to do with himself.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake!”
“Hello there, asshole”, Tony greeted him and was secretly proud of himself for this very eloquent line. “What the hell are you doing on the outside of my tower? Shouldn’t you be in prison? Or at least very far away?”
"You feel so good", Tony mewled. "Damn you for dragging me on this rock, I want to feel you inside me."
He was really proud because Peter had picked up the movements quickly when Steve had taken him to the local swimming pool where the water wasn’t so deep. Today was the first time that he was swimming in the Avengers’ pool without his floaties though and while Tony had been a bit worried (and had therefore made Steve take a floating tyre with him), Steve had been very confident that their son would excel.
Steve chuckled and threaded his fingers through Tony's still wet hair. "I think he's learned that particular behaviour from you."
Tony made a choking noise and turned around to the tap to pour some water into a glass. He drained it, and put it down next to the sink.
"Fuck! Oh my, Tony, fuck-" Gripping the sheets and moaning loudly, Steve started to slowly move his hips in the rhythm of Tony's head movements. Every time Tony thought Steve had too much control he sucked on the tip for a bit, letting his tongue dance over it, until Steve actually writhed under him. Only then he took his entire length back in, keeping his hands occupied with Steve's balls.
Startled, Steve blinked and didn’t move a single inch, supersoldier being supersoldier. “Huh! That was unexpected.”
"Yeah, because you're mine." Tony grinned and the playfulness came back in full force. "And now I want to see that promised cave because you got me curious."
“What?” Tony stared at him with a blank face, frozen like the proverbial deer in the headlights.
Tony walked through the empty penthouse in the Avengers Tower and tried to decide if he should add the missing S, T, R and K letters again. He was on his own once again in his life, why not show it on the outside too? Just when he was opening the door to The Bedroom, staring at the sterile, not at all lived-in looking space, he heard a weird noise. It sounded like a bird had flown against one of the glass panels - but it must have been a gigantic bird according to the dull but still loud bang the impact made.
“I had to put it back in. There must have been pieces left that the surgery years ago couldn’t reach. I’ve been telling everyone that I’m taking the nanites everywhere but it’s not the nanites. Well, it still is. But they’re going a little deeper than they should. I’m broken. I’ve always been broken but the physical proof is back.” Tony’s fingers were shaking when he let go of Steve’s hand. “You broke a part off when you betrayed me for Bucky. I worked hard to patch it up and then you went and tore it off again, leaving me after Thanos.”
Steve was having none of it, though. "But having you here for me, so pretty and a little wet... that's giving this seashore the special something."
While Tony had taken another bite of his curry, Steve scrubbed a hand over his face. “What does that mean?”
“What the fuck!”, Tony yelled, and Steve had no time to process the fact that his hair was still dark without a single sliver of grey nor the fact that there was a perfectly round, glowing shape under his shirt because Tony had already pushed him backwards with all his might.
Jerking his hips into the wet heat of Steve's mouth a little, Tony tried to hold onto something but the smooth surface of the rock wasn't exactly made for that. Desperate, Tony held onto Steve's hair even though he got a tiny growl for that. The vibrations sent a shiver over Tony's skin.
And not just any vacation.
Peter nodded enthusiastically and Steve tousled his wet hair before he climbed out of the water, sitting down on the edge with his feet dangling in the pool next to Tony. With a sigh, Tony sat down next to him in the same position and leaned against Steve’s shoulder, taking his hand.
"Guh", Tony made and pulled a face before he giggled. "That's not as nice as I imagined it to be in wet shorts." Steve playfully bit Tony's neck, leaving another mark there next to the others that screamed 'mine'. He mostly left bite marks, but there was a green-ish bruise on Tony's clavicula courtesy of Steve as well. Licking over it as to not hurt Tony and let his hands dip lower, brushing over Tony's ass. But Tony was right, this really didn't feel that good with wet swimming clothes.
One finger became two and two became three, but Steve was in no hurry. When Tony became too impatient in his wriggling Steve bit down on Tony’s thigh, leaving behind a nice bruise. “You’re doing so well”, Steve praised when Tony was covered in s slight sheen of sweat, fucked open by Steve’s fingers, Steve’s fingers around the base of his dick to keep him from coming. Steve was pressing down on Tony’s prostate again, and Tony was clenching the bed sheets in his hands, his breathing going so fast that every breath he took sounded like a little moan. “Do you want my cock instead to fill you up?”
"Only spiders", he heard Peter say just before a small snore escaped the boy. Tony caressed his hair again before silently leaving the room and instructing Jarvis to initialise the usual Peter Night Watch program.
"Maybe I'd like to meet the swim teacher of my son tonight", Tony announced and Steve snorted.
Tony made a surprised noise when the cool wetness enveloped his body from one second to next. He didn't worry about getting water into his lungs, though. Before he had dipped further than a few centimetres strong arms caught him again and he got lifted up. His entire upper body was out of the water again and his face had never gotten fully covered by it. Tony smiled and loved Steve even more for giving him the possibility to have completely normal fun in the water without having a single bit of anxiety. The heady feeling of pure trust and love he had for Steve made Tony's head swim. "I love you, I love you, I love you", he mumbled over and over again, needing a moment close to Steve. Steve carefully put him down onto the sea floor and hugged him close. "Love you too", he replied, kissing Tony's now salty lips.
Tony only nodded, his eyes focused on Steve when he crawled on top of him, kissing him again and touching him all over.
"Oh my god, you dork", Tony finally gasped when he had calmed down a little and hid his face in Steve's neck. "I love you so much." When he placed a kiss there, Steve actually stopped his giggling as well and made a humming noise instead. "'m glad you do, 'cause you're stuck with me. The swim teacher's not even good for a fuck, I'm afraid."
Tony made a disbelieving sound. “Peter! You promised you’d do what papa tells you. Please be careful!”
“I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable”, Steve whispered, suddenly overly conscious of how every word echoed in the bathroom and how Tony was kneeling on the cold tiles in front of him, still holding his finger in this hands.
"Can I?", Steve asked, out of breath and with a flush all over his face. Tony kissed him desperately, moaning "Please" into his mouth.
“Tell him”, she said again, looking up into Steve’s eyes before she scrambled out from where she was laying and limped over to Gamora.
"Steve", Tony sighed contently, out of breath and enjoying the floaty feeling from the orgasm. Pulling off and pressing a kiss to Tony's come-stained belly, Steve was just about to scoot up to Tony when Tony suddenly started to screech.
Tony shook his head, taking in the flowers on the table and the amazing smell of the gently baking lasagna. “It’s project week and he had to meet with his friends to paint some planets. He’s going to come over on Wednesday instead.”
It wasn't very far and Steve slowed down to Tony's leisurely tempo. He was far more occupied with looking at Tony, anyway. There was a droplet of water on his cheek, right next to his mouth and Steve wanted to kiss it away so bad. He was smiling and casually looking out to the horizon where the azure of the ocean kissed the sky blue.
Tony let his mouth wander over to Steve's right nipple and bit him there lightly. "You're more amazing", he said against Steve's salty skin.
Her natural curiosity came through and even though it still felt like she couldn’t breathe properly, like the weight of the entire universe was lasting on her chest - or rather a shadow of the one that was lasting on Tony’s - she still could almost feel the tension in the air. When her gaze fell upon Tony’s trembling hands she thought how badly he needed a hug right now.
“I hate you so much”, Tony said, registering that he was crying and not caring at this point. Steve didn’t answer, he just pressed his lips to Tony’s like he needed the kiss to survive.
“I think I fucked up... time”, he replied quietly, the feeling of panic and horror from earlier swirling in his guts in a prickly feeling until he looked into Tony’s eyes. It was ridiculous, it shouldn’t be that way, but as soon as he looked at Tony, close enough to smell his aftershave, he calmed down. It would be okay. “In any case, I tried to get back to the present, to 2024, where we won against Thanos. But... I ended up here.”
“Yes!” With a groan Tony tried to move even closer to Steve. “Please, make me come, please I need it, I’m yours!”
“Do you want to take this to the sofa? Or the bedroom? Or-, oh fuck!“
Tony, apparently impatient to touch Steve as much as possible at all times, started to bite and kiss along his neck and had found a particularly sensitive spot right under Steve’s ear.
Tony opened the window next to the one Steve was hanging at, grabbed Steve’s leg and pulled him in when Steve let go of the suction cups and jumped at the opening.
"It's always fine to ask us questions should you have some about what you're reading, okay? Even if the reading was not exactly scheduled. I'm proud that you're getting through the book entirely on your own and that you managed to relax with it. Almost like a real superhero", he added, which made Peter smile.
Tony’s cock twitched when he heard that and Steve smirked. He quickly pulled off Tony’s remaining clothing and threw it off the bed; letting his own jeans follow until they were both naked.
Steve nodded and then added: "Yeah, it is", since he wasn't sure if Tony had seen his movement in the water. "The cave is just over there", he said and pointed at the rocks.
Steve blew a kiss to Tony, but Tony just captured his lips in a soft kiss until they melted into each other, undisturbed by the algae.
Steve blushed, but took the ice cream tubs from Tony so he could sit down as well. “That... would be very nice.”
"Ohhh", made Tony and leered up Steve's naked chest. "Why are we wearing shorts again? This is a private beach."
"Steve, I touched some algae!", Tony complained indignantly, pouting over the fact that he wasn't getting the attention from Steve this horrible experience obviously required. Instead he was laughing! "And I don't even know how long I was holding on to them!"
“Well, I personally didn’t do it?” Steve didn’t want to sound like it was an excuse, but he was also unsure if he wasn’t living a life that belonged to someone else. It felt like it was made for him – Tony being soft, a world with no immediate danger for the moment – and still, he feared he was taking what wasn’t his.
"No, with swimming in the sea", Steve immediately said before Tony could develop any stupid ideas. "I don't want you to get eaten by a shark now that I've spent so much time teaching you how to swim properly."
James Rhodes is sitting on Tony’s left, muscles tightly coiled, jaw clenched. He’s wearing his Air Force uniform, including formal tie and rows of medals decorating his breast. It makes a very caustic statement, having the star Colonel of the USAF, War Machine, personal friend of Tony Stark the war criminal standing side-by-side with him during Tony’s very infamous trial and SCOTUS’s equally publicized edict.
But the things that he’d loved about being Hogan Potts are the same parts that he likes about his life
,” Tony says, swallowing the taste of copper coating his tongue. “I can’t control what Steve does. Worked out extraordinarily badly for me the last time I tried.” A breeze picks up, bringing a smell of fresh pine and sickly-sweet maple. He turns his head, angling his body so he feels the wind against his face. “There’s nothing keeping him here.”
“I’m going to push you off this swing.”
Pepper straddles him, sitting in his lap and hugging his sides with her thighs. Tony pushes up her pink sleepshirt, mouthing upwards along her uncovered torso, cupping her breasts and taking a rosy pink bud into his mouth, worrying it gently with his teeth. Pepper hums in approval, tracing circles against his shoulder-blades.
She’s awake and she remembers.
soar out of it.
Tony watches himself rise smoothly to his feet. Two SHIELD agents moving over to flank him, ostensibly to escort him to a prisoner transport van and then over the borders of America… But these particular two agents, Tony knows, and he knows well.
“At least this time we rode the Fun-Vee together, Rhodey,” Tony says, vision going blurry.
This is not at all like the times when Steve used to join Tony in his labs, drawing in his sketchbook while the CEO brainstormed and tinkered away; when Steve coaxed Tony from the labs during one of his frenetic engineering binges for a bite to eat; when Tony would stumble into the kitchen, bleary-eyed and half-asleep, to see Steve already waiting for him at the island counter, fresh from his morning run and shower, plating up a piping hot breakfast while a freshly brewed cup of Tony’s favorite coffee still steamed; when they sparred in the gym, Tony in his armor to give Steve a fair challenge; when they’d wrestle over the TV remote.
Tony takes one look at them and says. “The last time I checked, I was a fully functioning and self-supporting adult with extraordinary mental acuity, and thus perfectly capable of navigating my own personal relationships.”
Steve’s motorbike is still in his front yard (although thankfully at a tolerable distance from Tony’s potatoes) by the time he finally clocks off. Knowing that they have to have this talk sooner or later, Tony still feels his heart sink down to somewhere in the vicinity of his toes. He half-hoped that Steve would be called away by a conveniently timed alien invasion or HYDRA raid. But no such luck.
“I thought it was the mouths of babes.”
Steve goes longer without storming off in an ill temper. He always comes back.
“You might as well be good for something.”
“Tony.”
But he doesn’t want to.
The puppy blinks innocently at him, gnawing on a stick of frozen carrot.
“Is everything a joke to you?”
Tony feels the van turn sharply.
Tony subsequently suffers some kind of… of psychotic break. There’s no other explanation for the crying. And once he starts, he can’t seem to stop. He’s kneeling on the bathroom floor, kneecaps twinging, soapy water seeping into his black lounge pants, shirt damp. The tiniest and cutest puppy he’s ever seen is nosing imploringly at his hand. Tony uses the hand holding the towel to blow his nose, making it disgusting and full of snot, getting dog hair all over his face. He pats the puppy with his other hand.
“I figured you’d know about them,” Nick mocks.
“You tried to kill me!” Tony screams at Steve. “Civilians had to stop you from lopping my head off with your shield! You had me defenseless and powerless and you beat me halfway to death with your bare hands! You would have killed me!”
“I don’t know,” Steve says quietly.
. And because it’s
The grey clouds cover the sun. It starts drizzling.
“Does it now?”
Steve flicks through a handful of channels, stopping at some kind of sitcom.
“You have a very nice home.” Steve’s voice snags a little at the word
He made Steve cry.
“But you still had to ask,” Steve says, his features practiced and wooden.
“If you had just told me-”
Steve gets to his feet and crosses the room so noiselessly that Tony doesn’t realize it until he feels Steve’s hand gripping his shoulder. It feels like benediction, like absolution.
Steve’s face as he dies: blood splattering his cheeks, brows creasing and eyes widening with a mixture of shock and pain, his mouth falling open, then going slack, eyes glazing over –
“None,” Steve answers, and Tony gives him a sharp look. “I’m not lying. The Avengers knew I was planning to track you down. And some of our old friends wanted to hear from you.”
Tony gives Steve a sweet smile, pecks Pepper on the mouth, then minces over to coo over the mud-spattered Gerald with dark glee.
grudging nod.
Perhaps the reality is a bit of both viewpoints. Looking back, it
“I don’t recall so, Pepper.”
Gerald is waiting faithfully for him on the other side, perched on his haunches. The puppy tilts his head inquisitively to one side, mouth open and panting, tail wagging excitedly.
“I almost didn’t recognize you,” Steve says, giving Tony an argutely sagacious look that makes him feel like he’s being x-rayed.
Maria Hill and Dum-Dum Dugan have wandered several yards away, gazing determinedly at the opposite direction in an attempt to give them privacy while Tony says his tearful farewells. As Tony climbs on the motorcycle, puts on his helmet, and revs the engine, the sound draws their attention. Dugan salutes sharply. Maria gives him a
seem very odd that he would give away everything he had to his name. Rhodey was right about that point. Tony-of-the-past loved the idea of being normal, of fading into obscurity, of no longer having the weight of so many decisions and responsibilities of his shoulders. He loves his life
They try again.
Tony’s gaze is glued to his thumb. Steve says nothing.
Tony is going to be late for work.
“Then what was it then?” Steve asks plaintively.
“I’d do it again,” Tony says with a sad smile. “And you’d do it again too. In the end, nothing would change.”
“I don’t have anything else planned today,” Steve replies. “I can wait.”
“You don’t go back to someone the way you and Sharon go back to each other if there’s nothing there,” Tony finally says. “Obviously, what you have with her is something you both think is worth fighting for.”
Steve makes a frustrated noise in the back of his throat. “Is that the extent of your friendly advice? Snide commentary about my personal relationships?”
