"I am, yes."
He stuttered, trying to get up.
"And I'm sure you will. Come on, love, try to enjoy yourself a bit. This might be our last late night party for a very long time, while Libby is still a baby."
“The vows I exchanged with my wife?”
“Piss off.”
John’s hand closed in a fist, as he started clenching and unclenching it until Sherlock grabbed said hand and placed it on his lap. He managed to relax a little before adding,
Harry paled at this, shivering, adding as an afterthought,
“Little for him, I can assure you I’m older than I look. And not little in size, and that, young man, is a family trait.”
“You gave us quite a scare, mate.”
“You can’t make them go away, with the spell I’m going to try?”
“I don’t know. I hope Sherlock noticed.”
John started to feel angry again. He heard the tone of doubt and betrayal in Sherlock's voice. God knows he was used to his own when speaking to his mad friend.
"You'll have to ask him, but I think I can quote him, something along the lines of 'the pleasure and joy of our company.' "
John laughed. It seemed more relaxed, much more than Sherlock’s usual deductions. The language was nothing that John had ever seen before, but Sherlock seemed to understand, his features turning grim with every line he revealed.
"And I'm sorry, especially now, with you and my godson in the line of danger. I'm sorry Griz. I'll do anything for you, and you know that. I'll fix it."
“Says the guy named Sherlock. He was raised Pin Yin, that’s the name my sister gave him, so as soon as he had a say he changed his name.”
They apparated into an alley, three blocks from John and Mary’s flat. Victor continued chattering as they walked, and John grabbed his key and entered the flat. It looked just as he remembered, so that meant Moran wasn’t looking for anything hidden there. He left Victor in the sitting room, looking around and grabbing pictures from the mantelpiece as if he was visiting some long lost relative. John climbed the stairs to his and Mary's bedroom, and opened the closet door, retrieving a box from the bottom of it. He grabbed it, and a few of his muggle clothes, and placed the whole bunch in a travel bag.
“My mother gave me the name Ioannes or Johannes, which currently translates to John. I’ve kept the name, I’ve gone by Johann and John most of my life. I’ve used Ianto also, for a long time.”
“The Patronus charm is a complicated bit of magic, and it reveals a lot about the one who casts it. I just thought he had matured out of the Thunderbird. It’s rare for someone to have a magical creature as a Patronus. Some consider ravens a kind of ‘bird of prey’, even though it isn’t so, and his relationship with my brother and sister could have affected him into changing some of his nasty habits. You probably didn’t notice, but both my sister’s and Mycroft’s Patronuses are birds of prey. Theirs have remained unchanged since they first managed to cast the charm. Mummy said once their Patronuses showed they were meant to be together, or some other sentimental nonsense.”
"God, I hope so. I've never seen any hints of magic. You, on the other hand, I don't know how I missed it, you were always kind of magical."
“Should we hide?”
“You are asking me to summon a pregnant woman with a summoning charm inside this sodding cave? Summoning charms don’t work on people!”
"Starving. But I really should get back home. I should talk to Mary about the protection and safe house. I don't want my wife and child in any more danger if I can help it. You need me to help you out of the Ministry?"
“No. But I know him. And you.”
“Hmmm.”
The Sergeant started visiting him along with his brother sometimes. He pulls some cold cases for Sherlock to read, as his brother told him crime had always interested him. A little unorthodox, but most of them were really old cases anyway. Sherlock had solved the lot before the evening passed. He kept bringing cases along, no doubt covered by Mycroft, who know held a minor position in the British government. And the British Secret Service. Sherlock’s brilliant mind found an escape valve in the cases, cases that helped him ignore the things he still saw. Because they only stopped when he used.
"Surprise? For me? It's your birthday, Sherlock. I'm the one supposed to surprise you."
, and you know it. You are reaping me off my job and home, you can at least remember my name!"
Victor started working on the rock, with no results. He moved, shed his jacket, revealing pale muscled arms with freckles, he changed movements with his wand, then he started looking at Alissa, a question evident in his eyes. Alissa then looked at her boss and moved to grab Victor’s arm, as she began doing the loaning magic charm. Harry looked surprised at this but didn’t comment. She did a nonverbal spell anyway. Soon the rock started changing, but cuts appeared in Victor’s arms.
“New York?”
She then looked at John, who was still sitting in his chair. She frowned, and the man sighed before standing up and scooping her out of the floor, grabbing her legs so fast that Sherlock couldn’t really catch the movement. He had her on his arms like a blushing bride, giggling as he gave her a kiss to her forehead.
“Sure.”
Victor sat next to Harry and looked at Sherlock and John before smirking.
“I’ve tried everywhere, mum, even locking your TARDIS into grandfather’s log, he simply vanished. I’m out of ideas. I even bumped into Clara and Me, and even they haven’t a clue of where could he possibly be. Clara almost jumped at me, called me Professor Song and everything.”
She pressed her phone to Mummy’s hands and started showing her the pictures, while Mummy cooed both a Victoria and at the baby pictures. Sherlock rolled his eyes as Sherry was trying to serve him a full English breakfast and he kept removing things from his plate.
“That’s because I’m not a Shadowhunter. I’m a descendant of a Shadowhunter family, but I didn’t receive training and don’t bear marks. So I don’t own allegiance to Clave or Council. And for that, Gideon, I thank you.”
Sherlock looked at him with a sort of longing. He nodded at Mycroft, so the elder Holmes pulled his wand out of the umbrella handle.
“Which team?”
He was bouncing in his spot, clearly elated and thinking he was going to get his way. John had almost forgotten Sherlock's birthday was in two days. He needed to get him something since this was probably the last birthday he might be spending close to the man. Suddenly a little celebrating didn't sound so terrible, compared to what expected him after this case finished. He tried not to focus on Victor calling the Holmes matron 'Mummy'.
“Johnny boy, don’t be a killjoy. I’m not formally meeting my goddaughter smelling like something died near me. And I think another blood replenishing potion might be a good idea; I’m feeling a bit peckish.”
The plan turned out to be simple, and used more magic than muggle weaponry, keeping everyone involved. Powder through the hole in the wall, which will appear when summoned, stunners for the ones they could catch unprepared and a grenade to finish the whole thing off. Their foes were already deceased, so they didn’t need to worry about claiming their lives. Sadly, that ship sailed for them long ago, when they fell into Moran’s clutches. John did one grenade before enlisting Victor into the task of procuring more for the team. Gabrielle was in charge of moving the right side of the wall, while Victor handled the left. Harry and Alissa were on stunners; meanwhile, Sherlock looked transfixed at the Darkness Powder, surely thinking how he could improve the concoction before John chastised him and placed him in charge of throwing the damned thing.
That made John laugh. He couldn’t believe this was finally over.
His eyes were dry now, but he felt something different than the emptiness he usually felt when he thought about his parents' fate. It was like finally sharing this with someone, no, sharing this with Sherlock of all people, had changed something inside him.
Thanks to the wonderful Ariane Devere for her wonderful transcripts of the Sherlock scripts, which are partially used in this chapter.
“Jealous Johnny, I was wondering when he was going to grace us with his presence again. Welcome back, old friend, I really missed you. Well, not, but still. I’d rather have jealous Miff aimed at me than bother the man who is currently keeping me alive. So I’ll shut up. For now, at least.”
So this is my first fanfic, I don't own Harry Potter or Sherlock, no brit picking or betas so any mistakes are mine and mine only.
“On your heads be it, then. We will be meeting him.”
“What’s with the blue flames, love?”
“Mmm. Have you seen him?”
“Where are you taking him?”
He wasn't about to start explaining about Hogwarts and house rivalries. Mary had a look of resolve on her face.
“Sherlock…”
“Takes one to know one. It looks like my Sebby did you a favor, so leave the rudeness for the family gathering. Where’s your puppy by the way?”
It's still Sunday on my side of the globe, so this update is on time (just barely). I hope the ones who are still reading like it. Thanks again for reading! Comments and kudos make my day.
Sherlock was now facing Moran in his suspended state.
“And she’s expecting a little bundle of joy? I’m sure your hands will be full, with your baby and hers. So good for them to have playmates from an early age. Your mother in law lives with them?”
“Sounds perfect. Perhaps a little long.”
“John?”
“Do you want me there?”
“Three, as a matter of fact. Yes, their family served
John sighed and finally relaxed. They didn’t have a case on, and he was curious, he had to admit.
“Where are they?”
“Alissa, I...”
“If you both would be so kind as to step in…”
"No idea. To self-deprecating for a long time."
“I finally got you. I’d rather have you than this stick of wood. But I want the choice for Olivia.”
“You got it. Also, John, point your gun to this bastard here so I can finally leave.”
“God, she is only two days old, and we’re already talking about schools. When did this happen to us?”
"Moriarty. His second in command is not dead as we believed, Geoff."
"Well, I needed to pull some strings for that! The woman who played Fantine started vomiting and fainting suddenly, poor thing, and I convinced the director that Victoria Vertro was a better choice than her understudy to play the role. Mac's face when he saw me on stage, priceless."
"However, Creevey here happened to spot our target heading your way just minutes ago, and your removal from your flat was necessary to ensure yours, and your baby's well being."
"Moran is moving faster than we thought he would. Rather
“I only did it because Ragnor asked me to, you know. Then, well, I loved Woolsey. He was a hoot.”
“Not today, Mr. Holmes. But I’m not saying not never.”
“He takes after his dad. He is a natural at most things, but I think he favours charms, and Defense, of course. Your dad, he died fighting, correct?”
“Boys. Don’t start.”
“Allow me, John. My arm is longer.”
John continued to chuckle, and he felt light inside. Of course, he missed Sherlock's sorting. His mind was sure that he would have remembered him, as unlikely as that was. He felt strangely connected to the genius and refused to imagine a moment when Sherlock was in front of the whole school and he, John Watson, would have missed seeing him, would have failed to recognise someone special, however distant their future laid ahead.
“The one and only. She is the best agent I’ve ever had. Ruthless. I’ve been making more money and getting the best jobs since she started with me.”
“Auntie?”
Sherlock had been here before, once, but… He whispered to Mycroft.
“Mac! Great to see you up and about! Are we leaving now?”
"Good. Let's go upstairs and change. I have a surprise for you."
“Anna? Tessa?”
The aurors were already up the stairs when the restarted, children running up the stairs after them, memories of little ones long gone. A couple caressing in the hallway, the same woman and man in the kitchen, the man wearing an army uniform. They walked into the room, and memories started to overlap, things getting again intense for John. He closed his eyes and leaned against a wall, and Sherlock grabbed his hand, steadying him, and started talking.
“Let me guess, abandoned church in Fleet street?”
This last sentence delivered in a no-nonsense tone that made Sherlock quirk an eyebrow to Victor, probably unused to the man ever speaking to him like that. Sherry the house elf appeared in front of him and bowed, gesturing to the stairs, and Sherlock reluctantly followed.
“Yes, that also.”
“You are starting to make a habit of losing blood on my watch. That won’t do, Vic.”
"I'll need to send for them now."
"But how?"
Jack tried to give his daughter an encouraging look, which only earned him the evil eye.
“Like I was going to miss that! One doesn’t look a gift horse in the mouth. But, then, I expected some gain from this, so it wasn’t all selflessness.”
John decided he'd rather ask now that they were alone, even if they were using someone else's memory for it.
He pulled his wand and pen and paper appeared out of nowhere. He leaned on the table and started rubbing the pencil over the paper, writing showing on the blank page with each pass of it.
They knocked the door, and a middle aged man opened the door, looking at all of them in worry. He seemed to be the butler, graced with the sight no doubt, at he glanced at the warlocks and at the ‘mundanes’, because even with his current attire, John’s warlock mark wasn’t visible with his contact lenses. He kept looking at Harry, who he clearly knew.
“Where did you wind up?”
“Where are the others?”
“We need to talk about magic, Sherlock.”
Now John was turning on his charm, and if he knew the man, after meeting Victor Trevor, he would do whatever John said. Roman seemed pleased with his idea, and after giving his excessively polite goodbyes to Mycroft and Alissa, they exited the room and the ward, and soon enough they were back in the lifts.
“What is it Sherlock? Are you hurt?”
“You were tortured?”
Oliver just stood in the background, looking around with a bit of discomfort. He was wearing his muggle clothes, and John could say he looked fine in them.
Sherlock was wearing black dress robes, velvety and luxurious, and you could see a bit of an aubergine shirt, which looked like John’s favourite, on the top. John decided on a white shirt before trying on the robes Sherlock brought for him. They fit perfectly, of course, tailored to the dot, and he felt flattered that his partner knew him enough to order for him clothing that looked so flattering.
Soon Alissa’s Patronus was flying out of the cave, and in a few minutes, the portkey started glistening again. Harry and Alissa touched the beaker as the rest of them motioned close to them, Victor hurling the still bound Gabrielle over his shoulder, getting a surprised look from John.
! He just sent his scared wife away, dearest."
. Yes, we are bringing the baby to my brother’s house until our home is ready for her. She came a little earlier, and we still haven’t baby-proofed the flat. They already have their nursery, had it before they even knew my sister was pregnant. And my mother would surely want to stay at the family home for a longer visit if the baby is out of the hospital.”
"John, old scars shouldn't be part of your concern now. Moran is slipping through our fingers, and all of us have high stakes in this case. Your family's safety should be your priority now, not wondering about some wounds that already healed."
A red headed man, tall and fair skinned with brown eyes appeared from nowhere right then. He had a mischievous look on him and a megawatt smile that he directed to John.
Mycroft scoffed, and his glare could be interpreted as a no.
“Didn’t you know I was going to be there with my sister? Did you know he could see through glamours?”
two agents of MACUSA into their childhood.”
“Greg, a Shadowhunter?”
Gabrielle moved to the wall and said: “The time I kissed my best friend, Alissa.”
“The delivery was fast; she is a small baby. She is doing fine, they decided to intubate more as a precaution than anything, and they gave her a dose of surfactant. She had an echocardiogram and a brain ultrasound, and so far everything seems fine. Mary’s blood pressure was dangerously elevated, so they decided to go forward with labour rather than hold it.”
"But you need to know. Moran is a wizard too. And he is more dangerous than anything you've met before. You need to go into hiding Mary; we need magical wards to protect both you and our daughter."
, boring book, so it was the threat of Moriarty coming back that made you come back, even after I assured you he is dead."
“How I’m in any way related to you both is a question I ask myself every single day.”
“So I owe you nothing.”
“This is going to be hard work,
thought John,
“The improbable, John, remember.”
“Yes, thanks, Griz. You saved my ass once again.”
“As you wish.”
“Seraphina, he will see us in an hour. Apparently I have to come with you.”
"Yes,
Valentine Morgenstern, enemy to all Downworlders, fairies, werewolves, vampires and warlocks, all pursued by his unholy band of minions known as The Circle. But now he was also considered an enemy by his own people, by the Shadowhunters he wanted to raise to glory. John made a portal straight out of 221B, back to Idris. He kept his head low, as his brother waltzed around like he owned the place. There were still many vampires alive that wanted him dead, and he reminded his brother of that as they were roaming in the woods surrounded by other Downworlders. Harry was already there, her eyes almost black, as her pupils dilated when she was addressing Catarina Loss, a beautiful warlock woman who was a friend of their brother. That was a lost cause if John ever saw one. His brother was beaming at him, filled with energy. Not the same man he saw a couple of days ago. What happened since then?
John moved to grab him in case he collapsed on them, and proceeded to give him more water. At that same moment, they could see the people approaching the wall. Men, most of them, armed with machine guns and other semiautomatic weapons. But something was wrong with them. Their bodies looked rotten, in different stages of decomposition. And in all of them, John could see the same grey eyes.
Victor beamed at him, and Sherlock just slapped the back of his head. He scowled back at the detective, touching his head in annoyance.
“If you love me, you will stay here.”
“Sherlock. We need to set things straight before we go any further with this.”
“You owe me a curtain.”
"We'll get them here as soon as possible. I don't think her family will oppose her wishes, even though some of the texts she bestowed upon you are indeed valuable."
Sherlock didn’t seem to register Victor standing next to John, and as the other man cleared his throat, Sherlock saw him and only managed to harden his grip on John’s arms.
. He grabbed Victor’s arm without one more word, and apparated them just at the front step of the Leaky Cauldron, away from the eyes of prying muggles. John waved at Zack as they passed through the pub, and he wondered why he didn’t felt the usual dread as he walked through the old floor. John tapped the bricks, and they walked into the well-lit alley.
“Beauxbatons is an excellent school. And Durmstrang has its merits.”
"You think you would recognise magic? She is an assassin John, and you missed that, she might be a witch for all I know!!! I knew you were special, I felt it, but who knew you were doctor, soldier and wizard, all in one man? Clearly, I could have missed magic in Mary too."
“Why? Victor, what the hell?”
It was the first time his wife had seen him do actual magic, aside from apparating them both into the flat. She looked like she was going to be sick.
“Happy Birthday, Miff.”
“Good.”
"John, so good to see you in the physical world at last. Mrs Watson, we are sorry for the inconveniences our investigation is causing you, as you can see I understand you are in a fragile state right now."
“So you understand, brother? You understand why I’ve done all that I’ve done?”
At this, Sherlock looked up, his face was open, the surprise evident even behind the usual facade.
“I have a sudden disappointment in werewolves right now.”
“Tell me, John. Are you something other than human?”
“Awww, thanks Miff, I love you too.”
“Is identical, yes. About Tessa and Jem. Don’t believe a thing they say. I suppose you’ve seen Jem too?”
“Victor's Patronus changed?”
"Of course not. Baker Street is your home as much as mine."
“We help them, then. Right.” He looked back at their visitors. “So what do you need us to do?”
Sherlock whispered reverently as he repositioned the body in a peaceful pose. Moran’s eyes opened, and John stared at the empty, vacant, grey eyes.
Sherlock laid back on the sofa and went to the tower in his mind palace. As he walked to the stairwell, he was careful to stay away from the door to the dungeon, where he could hear Jim Moriarty rattling his chains. He walked the long staircase and opened the door. He was back at the Landmark, John was about to yell at him or something, when this woman appeared. Sherlock looked at her, and really saw her this time. She was petite but wearing killer heels, slim, with long blond hair that curled at the tips. Her dress was dark blue and beautiful, really enhanced her figure. Then Sherlock remembered her face. Her nose, her mouth. She looked like John, but much younger, he would say early twenties or even late teens. The he caught her eyes. Her eyes were the same tone of blue as John’s, but instead of a regular round pupil like any normal human been, her eyes had the slit pupil of a cat. In fact, her eyes where those of a Persian cat. The memory frowned and spoke to him.
Rory shivered and Jack laughed.
"They both went to school together in France. Mycroft and me, we went to the same school, but we were never acquainted with each other. You could say we ran with different crowds."
“Harry, just go. I’ll get back to you later. Just leave us, ok?”
“Gentlemen, our troubles have just started.”
"Wait, wait, Mycroft is only a couple of years older than me. I don't remember him from Hogwarts."
“I could see that for myself. It changed. Mine changed too.”
Sherlock was throwing his best ‘I told you so’ look Victor’s way, as John decided to add.
They heard a slap, and John was able to see the red-haired Slytherin boy running, holding his face. Standing alone, his friend, no,
John felt positively humbled by the chance Sherlock gave him. Merely a couple of days ago, he thought this was going to be their last adventure together. Now he was faced with the opportunity of a future with Sherlock, and he was not letting it go to waste. The look on Sherlock’s face as he uttered those last words was enough for him to realise he was exactly where he wanted to be. Sherlock didn’t let go of his hand, linking his fingers in John’s as they walked down the stairs.
He started going around the wall, looking at the words, probing the stones with his wand, muttering incantations. He took three different potions from his coat and touched the wall with them at three different places. The wall glowed, the words rearranged themselves, showing another language, one that Sherlock understood because soon he was frowning.
John sat down on one of the armchairs, and unceremoniously spoke out,
“Neither do I.”
As they reached the door, John started getting nervous. This is it. If he revealed himself to the head of the Institute, his days of hiding in London were over. He closes his fist, clenching and unclenching his hand. Magnus grabbed his shoulders then.
John felt sick now. But I guess Moran deserved it as much as anyone could. As always, it seemed that Sherlock could read his mind.
They moved in sync, really a sight to behold, working in tandem like a well-oiled machine. They encountered at least 50 more people, and John felt for every one of the muggles that were snared by Moran to form his army of corpses.
“Sherlock.”
then, Sherlock.”
“Sherlock, you could see the bodies? Both of them?”
He trailed after his friend, when his backpack chose the convenient moment to split up in two, spilling his ink all over his books and said items all over the place. Oliver was already turning the corner, exiting through the doors for the central staircase. He started to pick up his book as swiftly as possible when he saw a boy in Slytherin robes lean down and start helping him pick out his books. He was very tall, but he couldn’t be more than a third year, still, to the first year and already short for his age John Watson he was enormous.
, I was leaving. Hermione, I'll see you at The Burrow on Sunday. My best to Ron and the kids. Myc, love to Lissa, I'll expect you lot for dinner tomorrow. You and John are welcome to join us, Sherly. Audrey would love to see you, John. The girls are both at school, but I'm sure we'll see each other more now."
“Are you sure, Mr Holmes? Venomous Tentacula poisoning is a grave matter, as you know. You might want to stay here for a couple of days, to get all sorted out.”
“No, no, no. We are sitting this one out Mycroft. No use in mixing my pack in Downworlder politics. Keep our noses out of other people’s business, that’s our prerogative.”
Harry looked mad, and Sherlock raised his arms trying to appease him.
At that precise moment, both Alissa and Sherlock came out of it.
Magnus smirked back at his sister.
“Take care, Johnny.”
“Sherlock is right Victor, I’m married, about to be a father soon.”
John’s relationship with his little brother seemed very different than the one he had with Mycroft. He couldn’t really believe this flamboyant young man (which probably was packing a few centuries on him, actually) was even related to John.
“Do you think we should continue?”
. The baby? I wanted her as soon as she came into this world because she is a part of you. And it’s a blessing that she inherited your magic because that is something that I share with her that your former wife doesn’t, and that makes her a part of me too. Now that I have you, I’m not letting you go. You have seen me at my worst, and you love me, and I frankly don’t deserve it, but you make me want to be a better man.”
Sherlock looked at the girl intently, making her squirm. If she did know him, she had to know mentioning Mycroft was not a good idea.
"I don't want to know, but seriously? It's like fate."
She hung up, a concerned look on her face.
"Ah, yes, but there are some things for torture hidden in this department."
“Secured room, filled with Venomous Tentaculas?”
“He’d never ask me to move in with him. When I helped him fall, we almost killed each other when we were together without Griz. If he had his wand with him at the time, I’d be cursed in some ditch in Poland by now. And he asked you to move back, with your child. William Holmes, living in the same space as a small baby. I thought I would die before seeing that day.”
“Shit, that was the reason why it worked, probably. You are a natural with transfiguration, even if you didn’t know the words your intent was clear, and I was doing the same movements on the other side. Do you think any of the others will try it?”
"Typical John, so unexpected, instead of asking me why I'm not currently in possession of my wand or even asking if it still exists and wasn't snapped in half by Ministry officials, you choose to ask me how I tapped the bricks in the back of the pub?"
"Anyway, I started on the second term at Beauxbatons, and from that day until my sixth year I kept to myself. For those first six years at the Academy, I never made a single friend."
He had a blood debt to pay. In the end, John couldn’t really give the boy his memory back, but he eased his way back into the Shadow World. That boy will become a Shadowhunter soon. And the Cold Peace, God, he hated the new agreements. The fairies will become a nuisance now. He wondered if he needed to contact the new leaders of the London Institute, Idris’s embassy in London. He hoped it wouldn’t come to that.
He continued to send killing curses their way, and they managed to retreat behind one of the couches. Victor crouched, leaving John to fend away their opponent, as he sent a silvery raven away. A few minutes that seemed like hours later, Alissa appeared right behind the man and grabbed his wand arm, her eyes turning violet. The man spun, and pushed her back, raising his arm immediately to retaliate. At this, Victor leapt from his place behind the couch and yelled,
To him, Sherlock thought.
“This can’t be right. Molly Hooper’s flat is in this building.”
"Alissa, my wife has agreed to leave with your aurors now."
"We are going to need a list of the things she had in her collection, and I doubt any document we manage to acquire is going to be complete. There were many delicate items I believe she had in storage. Moran might have stolen more than one item. I don't think we are going to gather more useful information from this memory. Elle is very sharp, but here her judgement is clouded by sentiment. Notice how some things in the room seem a little blurry? I think her memory might be putting things in this room that were no longer there when she arrived. We can leave now, I've seen enough."
"Who is this man? What's his name?"
John was still astounded at the whole ordeal, and he shook Victor's right hand when he finally extended it. It was weird because Victor placed his hand forward looking down, like a lady expecting it to be kissed, not looking at John as he barely touched his hand.
Sherlock blushed a little at the term of endearment, never mind the sarcasm in John’s words.
Harry, John and Magnus jumped behind what Sherlock supposed were Greg and Molly, because in their place there was a big wolf with silver fur and smaller but not less impressive brown wolf, howling and biting at multiple scorpion creatures that his brother was impressively battling with a very big sword, which he was maneuvering with his right hand. His suit was torn in multiple places, revealing his marks, which seemed to help him, because with his other hand he was giving himself new ones with a brilliant instrument. Soon Harry and Magnus were right there beside them, throwing blue waves at the creatures, keeping them at bay from the rest. But
John took a turn for the cemetery.
“Yes, I couldn’t let you jump from that ledge. I needed to stop it.”
"John Watson. Or should I call you Dr Watson now?"
“Only if you want me dead, Mycroft.”
“But, John…”
He knew what came next. He took the paper and a pen from the kitchen table and wrote over the address.
“Deal. What do you want now?”
More screaming.
The lights flickered, and they both saw Harry smiling, as she touched the baby with gloves in the incubator. She was talking to her, and the staff started to check the lights. One nurse even called maintenance. They stood silently, waiting as the nurses removed Harry from the room to check the power on the incubator.
wants to see you. Now.”
"You are ruining the moment John."
John felt humbled. In one day, his daughter lost her mother but gained back her family and a big, extended family. He won a big family.
"Yes, of course, I will. Tell us what we need to do. We can reconvene with your" John swallowed loudly at the next word, it was hard to even think about, more to say it out loud, "friends later?"
“Don’t be like that Myc; first years aren’t enemies yet!”
He morphed into a perfect copy of Harry, all the way down to the scar.
"About this, yes. With Moran, this is an exceptional case Mary, nothing like we've worked before. It involves layers of information that I'm not at liberty to share, not without a license, if I even talk about it without it I'll wind up in a jail where you'll never be able to reach me."
“Yes.”
"She never told my father she was a witch until Mycroft was born. She hoped he would be born without magic, but she was a Pureblood from two of the oldest magic yielding families in Britain, so when Mycroft was eleven, he received the letter and mother told him what he was. Both of us produced both various amounts of tricks and little magic shenanigans when we were children, but mother only revealed what she was to my brother when he turned eleven, and an owl appeared on our kitchen window. I was four years old at the time. Mummy rarely used magic around the house before that, and after that, for all that matters."
“JOHN! One of those suckers bit Myc.”
Sherlock pulled his wand and conjured a small spider to his hand. Victor paled, turned around and retched.
“The eldest and heir, if his father ever dies or steps down. His brother Kieran, the youngest, was banished to the Hunt.”
“This old thing? I love it. T for Thunderbird. That was our house at Ilvermony. Alissa has a silver band on her right ring finger, with the T and the feathers, much more discrete than this one.”
"Wait 'til the end of the story, and you'll see why I haven't given up on her yet. Well, the school was great, I was thrilled, those years at Hogwarts, excepting my time with you, were the best years of my life. Oliver and me, we were thick as thieves from day one, Watson and Wood, sorted one after the other, and in the same house no less. We tried out for Quidditch in our second year, and both of us made the house team. We played jokes on Percy; we found secret tunnels out of Hogwarts, we even roamed the Forbidden Forest at night and never were caught with a toe out of the line. I had a nasty fall off my broom on a Gryffindor-Ravenclaw match on my fourth year and decided to leave my place in the team. I think Oliver felt kinda betrayed."
“Got a bit of a surprise planned for Dad’s birthday, and you know how he loves when I bring the Boss along.”
“I see all is well in paradise. Good for you, darlings.”
She nodded and placed the dark book under her robes. John kept thinking this day could not end soon enough.
“You constantly stated that you’re not gay.”
"Well, it's uncomfortable. He gave me dance lessons for my wedding."
“And the Watson?”
And Sherlock's mouth transformed into a hard line.
“Thanks, Sherry darling, please point me in the direction of a warm bath.”
“I’ll text.”
" he yelled.
“They have an amazing Chai here, and the sandwiches are fantastic.”
"All the patrons call me Zack, travelling from abroad?"
"Victor and Alissa. They helped me fall."
“Really? You never told me that!”
“They did. They chose to stay away for a second year. In fact, they wanted to join the London Enclave. I had them here at the Institute while they were looking for a suitable residence.”
The world's only consulting detective, probably also in the wizarding world, sat quietly across him. His face, all cheekbones and pallor, had a frown on it. He looked back at John, opened his mouth just to close it a second after. Then he moved to a chair next to John, turned it to face him and placed his hands folded on his lap.
“John, Dr. Watson, sir, I can tell you my mate here is telling the honest truth. I do know you both from the future. There was a case, but there was more to it. Aliens were involved.”
“You knew?”
“We were all fooled by Moran, Victor.”
"Yes, John, I've been married for almost as long as you, we celebrated the ceremony when you were on your honeymoon. You know why I didn't invite you, I assume. It wasn't a Muggle wedding, and you were pretending to be one, so it seemed like an unfair way to out you to my brother." Emphasizing in the out, Mycroft was a wretched man indeed.
“Yes, ma'am.”
, don't stop him. John and Victor, you know what to do."
“With you? Always.”
To that Mycroft just smirked, and he got up from his chair.
The door was still closed, so they rang the bell. A beautiful woman opened the door, but when she saw it was them, she transformed back into Sherry the house elf. Interesting, John had seen her before pretending to be a muggle housekeeper. All these years and Mycroft kept surprising him.
“I was speaking with members of both the Seelie and Unseelie court. It seems a vampire placed himself as a witness of the struggle. He said the boy attacked the fairy unprovoked and well inside the realm of Fairie. These two here said the scene proves otherwise. I wonder if you would let them have a look, both at the bodies and the actual scene.”
The kind that wants to kiss you right now, thought John. But he guessed he had to give Sherlock all the information he could.
“No. I’m currently living in New York, but I have a place in LA as well. And I also keep my family place in the Hamptons. Whenever I stay in London, I stay at Mac’s place. He is like a big brother to me.”
He seemed at lost for words at the moment.
Mycroft receives an unexpected and unwelcome visit
“Harry, of course, you can meet your niece. The wife, you are a bit late for that.”
He released himself from Sherlock's grip, and placed his now free arm over his back, in a possessive stance.
Alissa's eyes widened, realisation hitting her suddenly.
“I need to get some beauty sleep. This face needs rest to maintain its beautiful complexion.”
John was joking, but it seemed they were rather serious.
Sherlock didn't seem to John like a man for public displays of affection, but a possessive hand on his back was like a firework display with the crowd currently in attendance. John saw Victoria talking with Roman, the man was undoubtedly charmed but probably had no idea he was gaping at his idol on her female persona. A tall witch with long dark curly hair, blue eyes and a pasty complexion entered the room, a witch that he would recognise anywhere, mainly when she was arm in arm with his sister. Harry saw him and started pulling Clara towards John and Sherlock.
“Pray, what’s funny Sherlock?”
Then he disappeared through the window with Molly right behind him, the rest of them stood, John and Harry looking and moving to the window, not before John growled at Sherlock who was trying to get a look.
John heard a melodic voice, with a heavy accent he could not place. American, but different, with a hint of French? He would ask Sherlock as soon as they left the memory. The voice seemed to transmit strength and confidence, even though it was also sweet.
"So your healing training, not recent I gather?"
"Yes,
The book glowed again, and a dark space opened in the blank page. It looked endless, and as Sherlock reached for it and placed his hand in the hole, John wanted to stop him. He pulled a book much more significant than the one now open in front of them, and Sherlock looked at it with reverence. Mycroft stood from his chair and walked to join his brother in admiring the binding, and he paled as he glimpsed at the cover.
“But they will know someone is here because the entrance would have changed.”
“I need to see.”
"Well, yes. I believe I lost my mum for the first time that day. The Professor was stern but incredibly warm from that moment on. We bought supplies, she even helped exchange my muggle money and covered the rest of the tabs for me when it ran out. She bought me my first pet that day, a beautiful barn owl that I named Artemis, and she smiled and told me that her first name was Minerva. I loved mythology, and I always found the name quite fitting for such a wise Dame. She told me she would keep the owl waiting for me at Hogwarts; I guess she didn't want to scare the rest of the living breath out of my mother by letting me take the owl home with me. She took me to buy my wand and waited patiently while Mr Ollivander sorted through different wands until mine chose me. Chose me. A magical item decided I was the best match for it. That was the moment I started believing I was exactly what they told me I was."
“I was surrounded by idiots. It was not my fault.”
“Ah, but you are a Time Lord, Ianto, even if you were 33% alien when you were born, now you are 100% Time Lord, don’t be an idiot.”
"You are back early. Easy day at the clinic?"
“All right?”
“I do.”
"I think John needs some time digesting this new information my dear brother. I suggest we reconvene later for a debriefing on the current case. Moran has been quiet for a couple of days, and we might need something more before we start moving on him. Lissa hasn't seen anything new related to the case in days."
“So, glad we got Alissa then?”
“I’ll get you three, you magnificent bastard.”
“It seems your husband has a fan.”
“Oh, so
"And after you finish the case..."
? Your agent’s name is Irene? By any chance Irene Adler?”
"He isn't just a skilled killer Mary. He is different."
“Lestrade sounded more than displeased to me.”
"Yes."
He kept laughing.
"John, those are my friends in the picture. I was the 'maid of honour' at my brother's wedding if you must know, both Victor and I were at Alissa's side when she made her mistake of marrying into my family. That is Gabrielle Delacour," he signalled to the platinum-haired girl in the purple dress robes that matched the colour of Sherlock's and Victor's, "the other two you must recognise."
“So where is he?”
He said as he placed kisses on John’s neck and licked.
“You’ll see. Time Lords are confusing.”
Mycroft huffed at that comment, annoyance mixed with embarrassment at exposing such a private thing for all of them to see. A mangled parabatai bond was enough to send some people to the grave. He shivered as he remembered the moment he felt Stephen’s life leaving his body. Their parabatai bond was strained at the moment, since they were both fighting in opposite bands, no less. But he remembered that cold feeling of emptiness, that feeling of nothing when he simply new Stephen was dead. Now his body rested with his ancestors, and some inner part of him couldn’t wait to join him.
Greg stood up faster than Sherlock had ever seen him move and looked through the window.
"Thought you would never ask."
He kneeled again, still in his underwear, jeans pooled around his ankles. John and Alissa were sweating.
"No strings attached then? I won't be expected to do anything outrageous this time?"
“And where is he?”
“Do you want to meet your niece?”
“Yes, we are, but that doesn’t mean some things can’t kill us.”
“Yes?”
“Minor injuries, John.”
“You look different.”
Their confrontation with Moran approaches, but they need to go through his security arrangements before they can finally bring the man to justice.
“Don’t worry. I don’t care about your precious team secrets. I just love to fly. Too bad I’m only good for one thing.”
Clearly, it was better that John was away, back home right now. Because it gave him a reason to survive. Two years flew, and then came Serbia. He was really buggered now. Well, it was worth it if he managed to end this. At least John would be safe. As they whipped him and tortured him, he reached for his mind palace. He had a whole wing dedicated to John.
They were now in a fancy control room; the thing was enormous!! He really didn’t know how they did it, but surely this thing had to be much bigger on the inside.
“I will tell him you called him grandpa, Jack, and you better hope you are far away when I do.”
“What do you propose we use, then?”
“Shut up!”
Sherlock managed to look composed, and Victor kept sipping on his potion nonchalantly as if public displays of affection from the doctor to his detective were a thing of every day.
“Lazarus.”
"Yes. I get it.
“Quite an interesting family you have, John. You’ve been holding out on your old friends! Your brother’s wife is beautiful; I didn’t catch her name.”
"Oh? If you are talking about she being able to be whoever the fuck she likes, Oliver already knows."
Victor stood in front of the wall.
“So basically you are telling me Time Lords can travel in time.”
So John met his brother on the outside of a small stone house in Idris. Idris, the land of the Shadowhunters, a place that he could only visit properly with an invitation. He had to get permission from the Consul, the head of the Clave, after all, this was the seat of the Shadowhunter government. He would be damned if he cared at all. It wasn’t the first or the last time he entered Idris unannounced. He found his brother shaking, outside the small building.
“Happy Birthday, darling boy. Victoria, dear, give us a kiss.”
“Princess Adrienne, look how much you’ve grown! Well, I can barely lift you now, you are going to be taller than me soon enough.”
“Dear God above Sherlock, have you ever
“Are you a warlock like Magnus? I was hoping to pair with one. My name is Jia Penhallow. Would you care to join me in this battle?”
"How? When?"
“My turn.”
"Other brother? You had another brother? I thought the times Mycroft mentioned something about that he was joking."
"He said yes then? What did he ask for in return this time?"
“Focus, Captain. You know you can do this.”
"Stare at the memory, John. It will take you in."
“I’m sorry. Forgive me.”
“Yes, yes, but John and Sherlock still don’t know me! What year is it?”
Harry just laughed, and John could see the careless boy behind the Head of the Auror Office.
"Hermione, John, brother dear. To what do I owe this visit?"
"Unspeakable, yes, people don't know what they do, right?"
Alissa started circling, Sherlock close behind her.
“Don’t I know. I just wanted to say again, I’m sorry.”
Magnus waved his hand, and the book was suddenly heavier.
"I like her."
The Leaky Cauldron proved to be as empty as the hidden streets behind it. The old barkeep and owner Tom had long since retired, and a new wizarding family had bought the pub. They tried to keep the pub with its classic look and made few changes, but most of them were in the guest rooms upstairs. The pub itself looked exactly as the last time John saw it. He shivered, he hadn't given a proper look when he came through it, with a sense of purpose, walking straight into the back alley. Memories came back, flooding, and a wave of nausea joining them. He rubbed his temples and pinched the bridge of his nose. He opened his eyes and saw that piercing stare, pale blue eyes of the most brilliant mind he knew.
“You never answered me back.”
“Don’t be like that. Since we have interests in common, I thought we could at least be friends.”
“And well, then there’s Oliver, who is a man. A very 'manly' man, for lack of a better descriptive. Yet you let that man kiss you, and you didn’t even flinch. You cried even.
“Magic.”
“Mummy dearest. Lovely to see you again. It took a dreadfully long time to reunite all of us again. Daddy inside?”
"Mine too. With the league, I don't have that much time for dating or meeting new people. I try not to date Quidditch players or trainers. You can see the dilemma there."
“My plot. At Highgate.”
"Took you long enough, Miff."
“And I have bad news. Moran has your sister.”
“No.”
"I've told you a thousand times now; I don't kiss Victoria Vertro. I don't kiss her for the paparazzi, and I don't kiss her in private either."
“They are speaking the truth.”
“Those aren’t regular ghosts. They are Shadowhunter ghosts.”
“She is like Maryse in a good way. And no doubt your dealings with her limited to when she was a member of the Circle. Maryse has changed a lot, through the years.”
, you must promise me; you will stay here.”
Mary's face looked utterly aghast.
Mycroft grabbed his mobile from the table, and placed a call, as he dressed himself back, rearranging his sleeves, jacket and gloves. His eyes roamed over some books on his table as he patiently waited for the other man to answer the phone. He winced at the yelling on his ear, yelling that John could perceive even though he wasn’t near the man.
“She is still in the NICU; she was born early. You can still see her, though. You have to dress up a bit, though.”
“Just that.”
I'm so sorry for the long time it took me to update this one, but I tell you the next one will be up tomorrow if you want to continue this one to the end. Just a couple more chapters and I finish with this madness. I solemly swear that I'll never post a WIP again in my life. Once again, no betas, no brit picking, English not my first language but I'm sincerely having a lot of fun. This chapter is short, but the next one is longer. Once again, so sorry.
“Hurry up, Johnny, Old McGonagall is going to turn us into compasses this time if we are late!”
“I’ll stay inside the TARDIS! It is my fault Grandfather is missing. I need to do something!”
“Oh! And a shared birthday! No doubt he’s pleased.”
"I thought you were not speaking to me."
Gabrielle looked worried, apparently waiting for directions from Harry or Alissa.
“Is it your place to tell me what to do now, then?”
“But I did. Now, try them on.”
“And she’ll get it when the moment comes. And Hogwarts. I’d rather have her as close to home as possible.”
So John’s life was disappearing before his eyes, when he met an old mate from medical school. He had gone back, as he did many times in his lifetime, to refresh his knowledge and get his title once again. Mike Stamford greeted him. And Mike Stamford introduced him to Sherlock Holmes.
He felt more than heard Greg standing behind him, and he shrugged his suit jacket off, giving it to Lestrade, who has standing next to him, starkers, as any recently transformed werewolf would be. Greg, bless him, took the jacket and tied it to his front, shielding his nether regions from the cold but still leaving his very wonderful plush arse exposed. He risked a glance to his friend now, his chest with very sparse grey hair, his tattoo with the words and logo of the Praetor Lupus,
“I’m afraid Tum has a point.
Mycroft raised one eyebrow as John and Sherlock appeared through the threshold of the dining room hand in hand. Alissa suppressed a smile behind a napkin and Harry politely kept drinking his tea. Victor was missing in action. They sat down on the table, and Sherlock finally released his hand.
John was very proud of hearing words like that coming out of a person of such authority. Harry Potter was a good man, and John could see how his people looked up to him. Even Alissa seemed proud to work side by side with the man, and she was a unique kind of witch herself. Alissa must also be particular in her choices if the witch wanted Mycroft as a life partner. She aimed high, and John was sure of that.
John.
“Victor, I’m not a dress up toy for you.”
"Ah. Somebody else joining you?"
Alissa looked back at Sherlock, eyes bright and a smile on her face. Mycroft smirked back at Sherlock.
He had left everything in 221B exactly the way it was before Sherlock left. He cleaned up the biohazards, but he could still believe Sherlock was still there sometimes, when he saw the violin, the microscope and his dusty chemistry equipment. The days passed, and he kept going to work, trying to make sense of his boring life.
"Ah, yes, he can look however he wants then?"
"I'm going to tell you this, and then you are going to obliviate me, John. Mind you; I only need to forget his name. His name was Sherringford Holmes. He was Mycroft's twin brother. I overlap my memories of them most of the time because they were inseparable since they were born. Sherringford was born a few minutes before Mycroft, and he was very good looking. Not as smart as Mycroft, well, not even as smart as me. They were twins, but not identical, like Fred and George, but they still had that bond. I remember I always felt like an outsider with them, because of the age difference and the bond they had."
"But correct, I'm afraid. Mary didn't take the magic thing well."
"Were you ever planning to tell me? Not before, I get it, but now that I know what you are?"
“Master and Mistress are in the study. They are expecting you, sirs.”
“Hey! Wait up, Oliver!”
John couldn’t believe he was sharing this with Sherlock Holmes. This meant something, and it was a massive step for a fledgeling relationship like theirs. They were out of the hospital and into the car in no time, and soon they were outside the visitor entrance to the Ministry. The phone box was still very cramped, but it felt some much better now that Sherlock wrapped against him in an embrace, his head peering over his shoulder as he dialled the numbers.
“Can I help you?”
Her husband reassured her from his chair.
“Oh, no, I think Gideon expects to see me there tonight.”
“Just for a few more minutes, please.”
“Hmmm.”
“Tell that to your in-laws.”
“Harriet Watson. Delighted to put a voice to the name and face finally.”
He said it softly also and grabbed the taller man into a hug, even though that was something
"You have to trust me on that."
"So, now you see. Mycroft doesn't trust himself around the Book. And I subconsciously hate my brother because I've blamed him for many years for the death of his twin. When I let the memories out, I can see he doted on me, and was an amazing brother. He was more like my father, something he loathed nearing the end of his life. He even went the last few years as Sherringford Greengrass, rejecting my father's muggle last name. So I've blamed Mycroft for losing him all my life, and it hasn't helped that he blames himself too."
“It’s always nice to be recognized. So sad we had to meet on such an unfortunate night, with the accident and all.”
He asked John with the impish grin, no doubt some innuendo in his mind. John gave the man his wand, and he looked at it once, grabbed it, felt the balance of it, before asking John.
“But, I saw you, I saw you, dead, in the middle of the desert! They shot you!”
The wall opened, Harry crossed it.
"Thank you, Percy, yes, this is just for now. Auntie is not home, you know, she is visiting her sister, and I didn't want to blow up her door."
He should be dead. Really, he should.
“And just a little wand work and, yes, that’s better.”
John laughed at this, before pinching the bridge of his nose in annoyance.
“A struggle, you can see that here and here. She went down fighting. Oh.”
They sat on a table, and the new owner, a man John only knew by name, Zacharias Smith, approached them.
“Well then, wow. Thanks, I guess?”
“You need help getting out of bed too, old man?”
“They are
“Tit for tat. I want to ask you for a favour.”
Mycroft had a sour look, and he turned to look at him. John was quietly absorbing all this new information. He was starting to feel left out, seeing this part of Sherlock's family life. Family and friends. He thought he was Sherlock's only friend. It turns out he was his only muggle friend, and maybe that wasn't true either. He had Greg, and Mrs Hudson too.
“Adrienne Lestrade-Scott. I won’t tell you again.”
John coughed over his glass and exclaimed
John walked with Mary into Sherlock's room, which happened to be pristine at the moment. No sign of anyone sleeping there for a couple of days.
“I do not!”
“You can touch her. It’s better if you don’t hold her yet, but you can touch her.”
His brother had been crying. He wasn’t a man that cried, even less than John, and that was saying something.
“They found enough blood in an alley for two bodies, and no bodies in sight. Care to have a look?”
"I'm afraid it is, John."
“How, John?”
“Inspector, lovely to see you again.”
He got into the bathroom fast, and undressed. He liked his showers scalding hot, almost painful. He adjusted the knobs and suddenly got the temperature just as he wanted it. The water pressure in this house was terrific, even better than the one on 221B, and he was always surprised that the old flat’s was as good. Oh, it was probably magic. He chuckled as he realised how much his life had changed in the past few days.
"Oh? That is Malfoy? He looks a little weary; I could even say drained."
"Goodbye, Mary. I'll be seeing you soon."
Sherlock was watching them, waiting for either of them to pay attention to him. The man touched his robes again and morphed into all the tallness and heterochromia that was Victor Trevor. John noticed his cheekbones, not as pronounced as Sherlock’s, but beautiful indeed, and so inherently
“Not really. But I’m not letting you out of my sight, and if that means being outside of this investigation and the Shadow World, so be it.”
“Not really. His daughter lives.”
“But I won’t get to say goodbye to Uncle My, and who knows when I’ll be seeing him again, with you fighting with him and all that Daddy.”
"While we wait we should do some planning!!"
His mother pierced him with her grey blue eyes, the mirror of his own.
“So now we wait?”
“So this whole effort will be moot anyway. Risk worth taking.”
Sherlock was concentrating, looking everywhere at once. John knew he was looking for escape routes.
“By the Angel, not her.”
He was still smiling.
"Yes, it's been a while, but I can do it. But wait, I wanted to ask something first. What were you doing in Diagon Alley? It had something to do with Moriarty's threat?"
"Suit yourself. You know where I keep the Pensieve."
He grabbed his now cold tea, took a sip and grimaced. John yawned in spite of himself, even though he wanted to spend as much time with Sherlock as possible. He realised their time together was running out as they advanced in the case. He had an idea for a good birthday present for Sherlock now, but he needed to go to his flat tomorrow, preferably alone.
"All of us, from the feeling I have," Victor said happily.
“What did you mean?”
“No…”
"As you wish. Be my guest."
“Never tried a shield charm on bullets. Could work, but I guess it would be better to transfigure something into actual shields. Or Kevlar. I don’t even know if that is possible. It wouldn’t work for this type of weapons, anyway.”
John let the shield go for a second, and a killing curse barely missed Mycroft, as he decided on moving to a side rather than ducking. In a moment, Alissa’s wand was in John’s hand, and he gave it to Mycroft while Sherlock threw curses at Moran, who didn’t even try to deflect them. He was bleeding from multiple cuts, as Mycroft moved his wife’s wand in the same motion he attempted before, hitting his target straight in the chest.
They could hear a soft voice, almost like a whisper.
“I get why you like him. He is amazing. And you thought that before you knew he was like us. I get it, I see it, and it’s ok.”
They both entered the phone booth, an unusually tight space not meant for two grown men; he was facing the phone and Sherlock was plastered behind him like an over-affectionate eel. Not the time or place for those thoughts, John was trying to reel all his self-control in a chant of 'I'm a married man and expecting father' in his head.
John turned to Sherlock, a surprised look on his face, but Sherlock just caught his gaze, giving him his best ‘you know you trust my judgement’ look. He then sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose once again before addressing his sister.
The fire started morphing into snakes and dragons, and it was closer to them each second.
“New Orleans?”
“Are you a chaser? No, no, let me guess. You have the build for a beater!”
thinking that was going to be the death of him. John instead kept quiet for a couple of seconds, before a look of resolve passed before his face.
“She will be like an unofficial grandma, so I was thinking of Alissa, maybe, I don’t know.”
"Harry's. When he is on site, his memory is the official case file. I have Lissa's as well if you care about her point of view dear brother."
“Not to be a buzz kill Miff, but is that thing going to be ready anytime soon?”
“Billie, I’m sorry, I used my knowledge and we are at Baker Street, aren’t we? Here we have Dr. Watson and Sherlock Holmes. It was what you wanted, isn’t it?”
After a little fighting and a lot of sleuthing, and John confessing some pretty awkward things in a disabled train car, they managed to stop the terrorist threat. Mycroft was pleased with him, so he left him alone for a while. John was still tiptoeing a little around him, and he could feel him looking at him more often. Could it be, that
Rory sighed.
“Oh yes, we did.”
John pulled Sherlock down and whispered in his ear.
"Let me do the same kindness that you just did for me, allow me to introduce my partner, Dr John Watson."
“Elle, can you please give us a mo?”
“Well, we can’t have you wearing something like that god awful jumper you were sporting yesterday. The robes suit you. They are almost your house colors, but I thought wine would be a little soberer, you know, a little darker than scarlet.”
"Anything else before we leave? I know all of them together can be a little..."
His breath caught, and he could barely get the rest of the words out.
“Two years do that.”
“Cheers. Well, I don’t want it to disappear, but it’s the only scar I have that’s worth working on, so…”
“Let’s try to remove the whole thing from here. Think our portkey will work?”
Victor gave Mycroft a murderous look this time.
Harry looked at Sherlock then and smiled.
"Not just yet then. I won't do it to John, though."
And the scar appeared once more, and John attacked it, making it vanish smoothly this time.
“Yes, Sherlock, don’t pout, you are a grown man. Your brother and sister are putting this little rendezvous, and you are going to enjoy it, so help me God. Don’t try to get out of it or I’ll resort to a summoning charm so strong that you would have to be out of the country to avoid it. You don’t want to float in unprepared to meet your guests.”
“You are an evil man, Johnny. Positively rude.”
“I thought you were going to resume your screaming when we arrived.”
"Ah, yes. 'Cause those are the only people you meet."
"You never asked for an explanation, when I fell. You never asked, and I only could tell you part of it anyway. Magic was involved in half of it; the jump was real. Alissa placed an
“They’ll open again. I need to open the door again.”
Magnus looked like his memories were rather unpleasant too.
They followed Gabrielle up a beautiful staircase, into another dark hallway. Doors at each side, and at the end of it a big double door, to which Gabrielle decidedly walked. She opened the doors to reveal a beautiful sitting room, darkened by thick velvet drapes over the windows. With a motion of her wand, the curtains moved, letting the light in. Gabrielle gasped as the sun went in, revealing a hand with a wand next to it behind one of the armchairs. She moved closer to it, and the detective followed around the furniture. John manoeuvred to get by her side, finally laying his eyes on the corpse.
He finally pulled up his jeans, applying a cleaning charm that removed the dried blood partially.
"Mary is indeed a muggle?"
was furious, she still is. She is granting permission only if Sherlock apologizes and something else. She didn’t say. It could be anything. My mother is a brilliant woman, she is the Head of Congress, but she can be a little wicked sometimes.”
"I'll be expecting it Mycroft. Mr Holmes," she seemed pained by the very act of addressing Sherlock, disapproval still in her face, "John."
“Ok, you need to keep healing me, and as soon as I open the door, do something foolish. Place a summoning charm on Griz.”
“Easy.”
, I'll be the one seeing it all the time."
“Consider it my treat if it comes to that.”
They heard a blast, and the saw no other than Mycroft Holmes, leaning on his umbrella as he approached the fight. There was a cold look in his eyes, more frozen than John had ever seen. Sherlock’s eyes widened in panic, and he yelled at both Victor and John.
“Self-cleaning clothing,” he said.
Then they heard a soft knock at the door. Sherlock didn’t stop, and John cursed.
“That’s a fox hound.”
His face was blank at this comment. John didn't know how much he knew about who had shot Sherlock, he suspected, but he was positive Mycroft didn't know for sure, because his wife, baby or not baby, would probably be in a ditch somewhere.
"A minute."
“Yes, poor little one.”
“John, what is it? Who is this?”
Sherlock moved in his seat, extended his hand as to touch John's, then seemed to think better about it and left his hand, palm facing down, on the table in the space between them. John saw the movement, cleared his throat and continued talking.
“That’s ok, tell him to meet me in ten minutes in Regent's Park.”
“Sebastian?”
Sherlock took the grenade from his hand, and John knew he didn’t need instructions activating it. The wall glass was a great idea. They could see through it so that Sherlock could aim the grenade as far from the wall as possible that would destroy Moran’s people, the Morans? John didn’t even know now, without causing that much damage to the wall.
"Nonsense. Mycroft loves him. He's mad, but if someone else had tried what Victor did, he would be stuck in the brain room and would no one would ever hear of them again."
“Harry Watson, or Seraphina Sun. I’m happy to finally meet you properly, Sherlock Holmes. I really was surprised you could see through my glamours. They are really strong, and surely your sight is a terrible gift you bear. He is not a Downworlder like us, I assume?”
“You are going to ruin your shoes, Miff.”
, come along
He said the last bit in a cutting tone. They heard movement, and in a second Victor spun around,
John smiled at Sherlock then and grabbed the man’s gloved hand in his own. After they left the NICU and signed all the paperwork, birth certificate included, Sherlock texted someone, no doubt asking for the car for them. John could get used to this softer side of the detective.
“Ok, so I think she knows we are coming. Be prepared with a shield charm just in case. Percy should be arriving in a couple of minutes.”
“Don’t go getting any ideas, taken, remember?”
He commented as he finally shook the man’s left hand. He didn’t feel any different, and he just barely noticed Victor’s green eye changing into the cat-like orange he had the day before.
“For as long as you want it. For as long as it takes.”
“What are you doing here, Shadowhunter?”
“Sherlock?”
“Now dear brother, the roles reversed. I suppose I need to thank you. Who would have thought that you would save me and I would be the one sitting wandless in a hospital bed?”
“No, they are not. The only people that could be here for me are already staying in this house. No need to add numbers. This party is just a ridiculous opportunity for my brother to work his skills for whatever his next plan is.”
As they left, Sherlock's gaze followed them. He seemed to be analysing possible scenarios in his mind, deducing, organising his thoughts. John was fascinated at how much he knew the man by his side; he could predict what Sherlock was thinking about right now.
At that moment, someone grabbed Sherlock's arm and made him turn around.
Mycroft sounded bitter, and Sherlock thought he sensed something else there. Anthea came through the door then, dressed in Shadowhunter fighting gear. Sherlock looked at her with some sort of longing and for the first time in the night, John, who was keeping his eyes on him, thought he saw some regret in his face. Regret that he was denied his fate, his family’s legacy and the power it carried. But, with it, a full life of submission to a higher power, to follow a chain of command. Mycroft was perfect for it, because he was sure to rise to the position he wanted to be on in the first place, after being a very well behaved boy. Sherlock, on the other hand, loathed following orders and rebelled constantly against authority, preferred to draft his own rules instead.
Victor flipped a finger his way, still cleaning his mouth. Harry cleared his throat and continued talking.
“Ah, they are already here. We should go now.”
“Unfortunately my dear someone has to get everything ready for tonight! Such short notice! Martha is coming over to help, but dear me, there’s a lot of people coming over and a lot of planning to do. My daughter had to wrap everything at the office, but she’ll be home soon enough. But I don’t want her to exert herself, you know, with the baby and all. A granddaughter and a grandson. It can’t get any better than this.”
“So…”
He paused before blurting,
They reached the Institute soon enough, the regal building daring them to go in, right in the middle of Fleet Street. Sherlock had finished the book in less than an hour, and then started pestering Magnus and John with questions about Shadowhunters. John guessed one of the rooms in the Mind Palace just started filling with information about the Shadow World, but he was a little worried about the detective’s interest in Shadowhunters. Because they were secretive, they were stern and took a liking for people with the sight. A liking that could result in Sherlock getting killed serving the Clave. Which was the last thing in the world that John wanted. As soon as they crossed the gates, Sherlock saw a girl and a pretty buff boy talking among themselves in the cemetery, laughing. Pretty sure they were ghosts. He wanted to ask John, because he felt elated being able to finally share the things he saw with someone.
John looked back, really looked back at him. His expression was open, hopeful even, nothing like he had even seen before in Sherlock’s face. Maybe once, he caught a glimpse of something, but nothing like this. This was Sherlock being honest about whatever the hell he felt about him, and letting him see it.
“I was thinking how peaceful it was when you shut your mouth.”
He tapped his wand on the robes, and they morphed back into the jacket.
“Lead the way then, love.”
"Victor and me, well, it's a complicated venture. We are sometimes on, and most of the time off, we can't seem to make it work for the long haul. He is a loyal friend, and even though he is a prick most of the time, he is a very talented wizard, and when Victor sets his mind on something, he usually gets it done. I enjoy working with him from time to time, but we don't do well when confined together for an extended period."
He conjured a cooler box out of nowhere.
“Victor, try transfiguring the wall into something else.”
“You are back on the juice.”
“I’ve heard her tell the name.”
The warehouse was empty. She wasn't expecting this at all. Her vision showed her intended target looking over paperwork; the location was easy to pinpoint once she collected all her data. Years of training, both with MACUSA and the CIA not wasted on her, she knew he must be here. But where was he hiding?
Mycroft's phone beeped, and he glanced at the screen, then handing the phone to his wife.
“Johann?”
“Mummy, I’m right here.”
Suddenly something clicked in John's mind, and he realised what Sherlock must have done.
“I beg your pardon?”
"That colour suits you John, it brings out the colour of your eyes. A better fashion statement than those hideous jumpers you usually wear and better than growing a moustache."
Victor made a motion to his mouth, like a zipper, and remained mercifully quiet until they reached the window of Quality Quidditch Supplies.
“Is your partner a Shadowhunter? You probably had trouble because he is male, obviously.”
“These people, as you call them, are my friends Myc! I thought you, of all people, would be happy of me having friends beside you!”
“Well, it’s been a pleasure gentlemen, but the Boss and me, we have better places to be today. Ta ta, see you both tomorrow.”
John Watson lifted his head so fast he almost gave himself whiplash, just in time to see the back of a man wearing grey wizarding robes, and a mop of messy dark curls walking away from him.
“I’ll make sure that he stays nearby, Mummy, he won’t get his birthday presents if he tries to escape. I’m so sorry you can’t come with us to the hospital.”
Sherlock looked at him impatiently; apparently, he was more confident in his abilities than John himself.
If I ever have to tell your mother something horrible happened to you, I will personally pull you from the other side of the veil and slap you silly.”
“Sherlock. Obviously you were stating the truth earlier and already know us.”
“Well, you offered something far more valuable, I think you gave the wall more than it asked for.”
“We’ll protect your boy toy if it comes to that.”
“This one, the stitches opened. You can let me redo them. Or something even better. Do you still trust me?”
“It’s named after a magical creature, much like a phoenix, that you can see only in America. My father was British, like his father, but his mother was American, and they moved around a lot, so he attended Ilvermony. It was his house too. This ring and this”- he pulled out his wand, jet black with beautiful polished wood -“are my favorite things in the whole world. Both heirlooms, mind you, this wand chose me after choosing my father, his mother before that. It has been in my family since the early 1900’s. This wand is called a Wolfe wand. Wolfe was a Native American wandmaker, and his wands have Thunderbird core. This one is ebony, and one of the last ones that still exist in the magical world.”
Three wizards in Auror robes appeared, wands out and assessing the situation. They saw Alissa, and the dead body, and assumed soldier like positions, awaiting orders.
He said that without thinking, believing it. He would have remembered Sherlock's face among a sea of faces, even if he only saw him passing by. Even after all these years, all the heartbreak and denial, he had to admit at least to himself his infatuation for the man sitting beside him. He couldn't imagine being so close to Sherlock and not noticing him. Sherlock smiled, a knowing smile that made John blush after his statement, thinking he could see right through him.
John blinked, as his eyes filled with unwanted moisture. The experience was surreal, even for a wizard. That someone lived like this, seeing memories, important ones, memories left by people everywhere. And he shuddered, thinking what she might have witnessed. Strong memories weren't always happy memories. Some of the most horrible events in history were unforgettable things. Sherlock voiced his unspoken thoughts.
"Mycroft was in Slytherin? Yes, of course, he was, he's such a git. Wait, how do you know which house I was in? And I would have remembered you if I saw you at Hogwarts."
“Yes, he did. Sometimes Ragnor was manipulative too, as you know. And that doesn’t change my mind about vampires in general. The fact is that I saw the fairy and the Shadowhunter dead in a place that clearly wasn’t Fairie. In a middle of an alley in London it’s clearly not Fairie. I’ve been to the Seelie and Unseelie courts a number of times, and it doesn’t look anything like that dirty alleyway were we saw those bodies. Sherlock saw them too.”
His face turned a little sour before adding,
John thought that was what he really should do. However, he was too tired to answer Mary's questions about the day and the case.
“Oh, just doing this and that. We brought you food.”
He syphoned some of it and pulled a folding table, a cauldron and even some wood out of his coat.
“If you must know, just Victor.”
Sherlock started the familiar motion, and John felt his magic creeping into him. He was lending him all his magic, and as John conjured his Patronus, he could see the fox joining the hound, backing away the flames. At least it bought them a little more time.
James Herondale: Son of Will Herondale and Tessa Grey/Herondale/Carstairs, alive on Victorian times. He was half warlock, half Shadowhunter and he had the power of walking through shadows. He was a student at the Shadowhunter Academy when Ragnor Fell was a teacher and he took a particular interest in him, though he didn't actually became a full warlock, basically staying a Shadowhunter.
“Those were meant for me.”
, no one is placing the blame on you. You managed to take down the man alone when you were supposed to have back up. We got a little sidetracked, and now we are reaping the consequences."
But John was smiling, the big smile that reached his eyes that he reserved for Sherlock.
Undoubtedly that wasn’t a secret, and John could still play the situation to his advantage.
She disapparated with a crack.
"Sherlock if you are joking at Victoria's expense I'm going to be so cross with you!"
He started massaging his temples.
"But how could I send an owl if you were imaginary?"
“And we might be getting a visitor soon.”
“Oh, he would have loved that.”
“And you were just cute.”
"After you fell? You had wizarding contacts after you fell?"
"Oh! The Watson fellow is a wizard! See Rolf? He could have used legilimency on me!"
“You don’t look like a warlock. In fact, you look like a schoolteacher.”
“Fine. We better be on our way then.”
"Not my secret to tell."
He said it exactly in John’s voice, with the same intonation. If it weren’t for the Johnny boy no one would have noticed it was not Dr John Watson who was speaking.
"You use Sherlock's first name?"
"You see how pointless all that was now don't you? They would have sent you to Azkaban for breaching the International Statute of Secrecy for telling a muggle who you didn't intend to marry. They don't have best friend clauses for breaching that particular law, John. And I already had magic, even if it was not my own, at my disposal."
"I can handle any information you and Sherlock share on Moran. Try me, John."
“You are vain and self-centered.”
“Yes. I think I can. Our personal barrier?”
"Pray to whatever god you believe in, John Watson, that that is not the case."
He produced a third bottle, this one with a silver-toned liquid inside.
Mycroft himself arrived a few minutes later, and he hugged Sherlock. The younger man squirmed on his brother’s arms.
are good, right Uncle My? And strong, like Daddy. Because Daddy says he is going to lift me up until I’m forty! Can you imagine, Uncle My? When I’m forty Daddy is going to be like a thousand years old and surely
“It wasn’t safe to be near you until I was secured a good position, both in this world and in mundane world. I’ve convinced the Clave that my involvement in mundane affairs is a necessary evil, to ensure the protection of this country. Luckily, the Enclave has always supported me. Most of the Shadowhunters in this area are either very young, or old enough that they remember me as a little boy. Some of them I’ve trained myself.”
“Ooohhh!!! Birthday present!!! I can help.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Would love to see them in action."
“Charmed bracelets with shield charms. My brothers sell hats like this on the store, not a deflective as this things, though.”
“No, not yet.”
“Protect him!”
"See? I told you that Watson fellow was tapping into my brain! How can you explain him knowing my imaginary friend? Well, now we can, easily, because Sherlock was real darling! He was hiding among the muggles for some reason. Maybe that is why he never sent an owl."
"Since I'm wandless, and Alissa is not going to stop you, I don't see how I have much choice. But I trust you; you know that. If you say I need to forget, I'll even forget my name."
A tall, gingery and lanky man with spectacles, freckles and a bookish manner was getting a canape from one of the magical trays before his wife grabbed him and placed him in front of her new found friend.
“I feel like I’ve been mourning her and will be mourning her my whole life now. I need to talk to Fleur.”
"The story is almost the same as I told you before, just adding my other brother, who received the letter the same day as his twin. They both were sorted into Slytherin at school and were inseparable. Both of them joined the Ministry, the same department. That is when things went to hell. Do you remember which department had the most number of loyal followers of Voldemort's regime in the war?"
Alissa's eyes turned violet, as they did on the memory, and then back to normal. She looked at the three men in surprise, then turned to look at her husband, who seemed interested but not worried. She relaxed and asked.
"Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, here to file a claim in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts office."
"Do what on her?"
“The missing Doctor is a four, maybe a five, but the knowledge the case gave me…”
“Sod this. Molly, with me, Sally protect the flat.”
"We were planning a birthday dinner for you in our house, as a matter of fact. Mummy was coming anyway, but I have to admit she's dying to see you again,
“I want to add that he has visitation rights on his own, and in case something happens to me, he is the other legal guardian of our daughter.”
“Warlocks do love their fancy names. I’m John, formerly known as Johannes. It is my real name, has been for centuries.”
“And now I won’t be able to erase this from my mind. Thanks that would be something to remember on my bed during these lonely nights. But I have a solution to your dilemma; I don’t want Miff to lose one of his favourite licking spots. Allow me.”
“No, I maintain my previous assessment of you. You have been a warrior all your long life. You missed the battlefield. You found a new one with my brother. I consider myself more a thinker than a warrior, but I’ve seen my share of battles.”
“God, Sherlock, I wish I could have told you. I see them too.”
John summoned the rest of the group, as a hammer-shaped rock protruded from the dirt around it.
Known parabatai in Cassandra Clare's series:
“We could go see how Victor is doing now, and after that, you can make your decision. I assure you, if I see anything going in the wrong direction I will bring him back, in fact, I know Mummy would make him come if he doesn’t want to. I’ll see to it that he finishes his potion and gets the next dose in time, and surely he would be better off in his own home?”
“John Watson, I hope you know what you agreed to do. Failure to comply could make me lose my job and grant both my brother and yourself a cosy cell in Azkaban. I hope you would think of your daughter before letting him commit any crime against himself or the wizarding world.”
“Not thanks to you, I’m sure of that. What happened?”
“Again with the vamphobia. Are you ever going to let that go, John? You seemed fine with Simon.”
“Quite right.”
“There is something blocking… “
"And she was involved with Moran and Moriarty's network? You know, with what you said about her, I don't know, it doesn't fit."
Victor jumped out of cover and John ran instinctively after him. Moran and Victor started duelling, hatred coming from both men’s eyes. Moran threw only killing curses at them, and they could barely deflect them all. As they were duelling, Sherlock crept towards Alissa.
No no no no.
“Mmmm. What else can you tell me? What is the relationship you and your sister have with the Shadow World? Because she clearly is your sister, she has the same nose, but she looks so much younger.”
Magic rolled out of him in blueish waves, and soon it was less green and more red, before almost healing completely. His brother came along to check his handiwork, a look of admiration in his young face.
"I would have to say even more interested than before. But you are trying to distract me. What was that with you and your mum?"
“Not too much going on in your bed with a toddler in the house?”
“I’m just saying I get it now, Miff.”
“It’s noon, Tum.”
“We are going to visit Libby at the hospital.”
"What are you accusing me of John? Seriously, you are getting paranoid in your old age."
Nothing happened.
“John. I think I took too much poison today.”
"I'll send her in a minute. She is, well, she is strolling the gardens with a nice man."
“It’s not ‘nothing’, you’ve been in a dark place since Harry talked with you. So?”
Victor kissed him, a full-blown kiss on the lips, grabbing both his arms to prevent Sherlock from beating him senseless. John didn’t even feel bothered like the last time. If anything, that would shut them both up. He was starting to feel the events of the day, draining him. Still calmed, he walked to the kettle and started heating the water for some tea. The kiss lasted like three seconds before Sherlock managed to free himself from Victor’s grip, after which he was left red and furious, muttering curses and insults directed at Victor. He threw a glance at John, and his calm demeanour only seemed to infuriate him more. John searched through the cabinets, found the only three clean cups left and started to make tea. He then moved some papers and instruments and placed a cup in front of each man. Victor grabbed his and started drinking, setting his back against the wall. Sherlock only glared at the mug, as if he was blaming tea for all that was wrong with the world.
“Ahhh, self-cleaning robes. Victor managed to perfect it then; he was working on that a week or so ago. How many bites does he have?”
“So, your friend is your other friend’s grandfather? How did that happen?”
“And what would you have in mind, doctor?”
“Mmmm, not really. I’m going to be William’s godfather. It would be nice to be someone’s godmother for a change.”
John’s gaze locked with Sherlock’s. There was something else there, something Sherlock had missed before.
“Gideon. Ugly name.”
“Harry. You look like an adult now.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes as John laughed with his mother. For John, this whole thing was more than just being in good graces with his partner's mom. It was a family. His little girl, growing with an extended family, grandparents who besides line dancing did traditional dancing from the British and Scottish magical community. Aunts and uncles, and one who could be either when it suited them.
"Just a souvenir from a recent case, nothing to worry about."
The lights from the incubator started flicking, and the doctor looked worried for a second. John took his hand out, and the lights went back to normal. It’s been ages since he lost his control and produced involuntary magic, but, strangely, he didn’t even feel it go through him.
“Oh, yes. He
“Noted.”
!’ from their landlady.
"I'm sorry, but I need to do it to you too. You are the worst at keeping secrets. I rather do it with your consent, but I'll do it anyway if you don't give it."
"Rich family, probably?"
“I’ll deal with those later.”
“Antivenom. Moran poisoned Victor, but it doesn’t affect him, as you know. He poisoned you slowly loaning you his magic. This dose isn’t enough. We need to get you to St. Mungo’s. A minute more, and you would be dead on the floor.”
"Death Eaters. They murdered my parents looking for me. My parents, who always feared magic, were tortured and murdered with magic for the whereabouts of their estranged son, whom they hadn't heard a word about in more than two years. I sent a Patronus to Remus Lupin that day and joined the Order of the Phoenix. I wasn't in the Battle of Hogwarts; I joined a group that took back St. Mungo's from Voldemort's followers, and then we were sent to Hogwarts to tend after the many wounded left by the battle. I cried in public for the first time in my adult life when I saw Oliver, wounded, but alive. He wasn't as happy to see me."
They entered the room; a four poster king sized bed with deep green curtains that looked so welcoming, John almost fell asleep just from looking at it. Sherlock frowned at the curtains, and with a flick of his wand, he changed the colour to scarlet.
John motioned for Sherlock to continue, and he turned to see a balding man, a little fat, shorter than him for about two inches. He was wearing the green robes trimmed with the gold of the head healer. John looked at the man in confusion and the man chuckled.
They arrived at the house soon after that, and Victor was waiting in the entrance foyer.
“And we thank you for that. The next time, don’t scare us anymore.”
She looked at the rest of them through the small space available, but the angle didn’t let her see the whole group.
“Oh, shit. Sorry. Ianto, were the hell are we? You were supposed to know how to drive this thing!”
, what is it that you always say? You see, but you don't observe. His wife is scared of him."
“Yes, when the poison started its effect, Sherlock had a small vial and gave it to his brother, and his wife apparated him immediately here. We brought Victor later.”
Then, the group reached another wall. This was a big, black, stone wall, with writing that glowed.
“Yes, Dora was like family. My father mentored her for a while, you know? He was a good friend of Alastor Moody, God rest his creepy soul, and he helped Dora fine-tune her abilities back then. I’ve advanced things a little by mixing it up with transfiguration. How much does young Ted like the subject? Because I remember Dora was brilliant but clumsy.”
"Yes, Mummy made me send you flowers during the intermission. I even tried to get Sherlock to switch places with me so that he could see your performance in the closing number."
Sherlock knew exactly what he was thinking as always, and he saw something a little like regret in his face.
“Are you sleeping still? Don’t be an idiot John; we need his real body. I don’t know if he can get another body while this one is still alive, I think even Mycroft doesn’t know if that’s possible.”
" by Adalisius Rogue, when someone absently bumped into him.
“It doesn’t work, Sherlock.”
“I’ll think about it.”
"Put it back, brother."
Alissa was panting, fear all over her face as she moved to grab the rock and touch it. Sherlock was angry, started pointing his wand and sending random spells at the boulder, accomplishing nothing. John stepped closer to the rock and began circling it, trying to remember Victor’s wand movements, which were useless without the words, anyway. Sherlock gave up and paced, Harry and Gabrielle were looking at the rest of them with astonished glares, and some reluctance, like the whole situation couldn’t be real. As John relentlessly continued to repeat Victor’s movements, the rock morphed again in his face, and the only thing he heard was Victor calling “Johnny!” from inside as he stepped in, and the foundation closed again.
Victor sighed at the last bit.
“Suit yourself. I expect you will join him?”
And there was a sad look on his face, and John could see that kid, that shy kid that he never knew.
“I know, that’s the reason I know they haven’t heard of you. They would have reached to your parents when you were young, and trained you to serve some Shadowhunter family or other.”
“Do you think he can guess…”
“Miss Hooper is Gregory’s second in command. She is, in fact, a werewolf. And a rather vicious little thing, if I might add.”
John was still looking at Sherlock and Mycroft when a soft groan called his attention. Alissa was waking up, still hanging from that blasted hook. Mycroft walked to his wife and vanished the flames with a wave of her wand. He was shaking as he dislodged his pregnant wife from the hook, and as she gained consciousness, she looked at his face in a fury and slapped him. Mycroft looked hurt, but he soon was composed enough to talk.
"I don't. Lead the way."
“Ah, my dear mother-in-law. No wonder grandpa made a runner.”
“That was cruel, Sherlock.”
“Now, now, brother, all those modifications will take some time. You need to baby proof that flat and remove your dreadful experiments. That place is a health hazard. Maybe John would be more comfortable at the Manor House? We have a nursery ready. I’m sure Mummy would want to stay for a while to help with the baby.”
“Now, Addy, stop it, what’s with the twenty questions? Your Uncle Myc is a very busy man. Go back to your room darling, it’s way past your bedtime.”
“I’m sure he’d be delighted. He wants to meet Trevor. There aren’t many metamorphmagi around, you know, and Trevor is famous all around the world.”
“I want you to take part on my birthday present to Miff. I’ll explain. When I took this case, I intended to become his handler.”
“Well, that sounds… amusing. But we need to get back to the matter at hand. It seems someone it’s trying to stir trouble in the London Shadow World. A fairy knight and a Shadowhunter were murdered, and there is a Vampire witness that claims the Shadowhunter murdered the knight inside of Fairie. Clearly someone wants to destabilize the current cold peace agreement, probably by stirring sympathies from other Downworlders to the Fairies and their current plight against Shadowhunters. Clearly if they are not safe on their own realm, no one else is safe from Shadowhunter retaliation and the Accords are a moot point. The fact that the main witness in favor of the fairies is a vampire is suspicious at least. I’ve never had any problem dealing with Emilio before.”
Roman looked concerned at this statement, fidgeting with the need of pleasing this particular patient and his knowledge of poison safety.
“People value their skills too much, even when some of them can qualify as meaningless. You don’t know when you are going to need a certain skill, so it would be the harder of the three to relinquish. I bet if any of us had offered a skill, even one we thought as menial or useless, the wall would have opened.”
“If he accepts me, he’ll have me. I’ll be his handler.”
"Are. You are still a wizard Sherlock."
“Well, she can be in whatever house she likes. But sure, another Puff in the family would be great.”
“Mycroft, uh? Poor man, you are still mad. Knowing him, though, he might be coming back to work tomorrow if you let him. Holmes, a word in my office, please? Before you leave.”
“You shouldn’t have.”
Their foreheads were touching at that, and as he pulled farther off without releasing his grip on John’s back. Sherlock gave him a predatory gaze as if going further was the only thing in his mind at the moment.
He closed his eyes, remembering his army training. Remembering the feel of a grenade in his hand, picturing a particular brand, the weight, the cold feel of the material. This spellwork would be inventing a form of transfiguring something into a weapon. He grabbed a rock and started moving his wand, muttering words, and soon enough it started changing. Everyone was looking at him now, transfixed, and Victor was beaming. After fifteen minutes of working on it, John was sure he had a fully functional L109A1 grenade in his hand.
“Well, since that is sorted, we need to act before this get out of hands. Your mundane friend, with his knowledge of London and his sight, could really be useful. We should contact Gideon as soon as possible.”
You are not supposed to know anything about the Mortal Instruments to understand this fic.
"Will. It seems your friends finally managed to get their affairs in order. We are sending them away right now. I hope you don't mind; I told them to wait at Baker Street for the pickup. That way you can say a proper goodbye this time."
"What can I say Miff? It's been a long time since we made a proper celebration for your birthday, with you being dead and all that, and a crime syndicate that needed dismantling. You know me, I'm a sucker for a good party. I already told Mummy I would be here, and she wants to greet her birthday boy properly."
“His spell. It’s not a charm, but a potion. Frankly, this is almost disappointing.”
"John. Even though I left my old life behind, I can look after myself and my child. I can even look after you. It doesn't matter who is targeting us. We can both hide without Mycroft if it comes to that."
“I think I’ll surprise John. He’ll be delighted!”
“I’m available. If you are considering Alissa, you know me better, and I’d be a great godmother, trust me on that. I’ll spoil your baby rotten.”
It was over as soon as it started. They were back outside the warehouse, a little smoked and ashes in their clothes but otherwise unharmed. John began to pant, drained, bending his body to get some air. Sherlock crouched, also exhausted, but as he recovered, he started to walk towards John as if some unknown gravity pulled him. He touched John’s back, and John felt a tingle where the detective made contact.
“Fuck off.”
“No reason. If it is, we should go to the Weasleys’ place. I heard their selection is terrific.”
He stood up as he said that.
"You were a beater on your house team. Protective instincts, violent behaviour? A match made in heaven."
They started researching, Sherlock pointed to a stack of newspapers and John started going through them, setting aside notes that he thought might help the case. That gave Sherlock plenty of time to look at John. After all this time, seeing the object of his affection became a need. He started by committing John’s face again to his mind palace. The dreadful mustache. The lines, wait, it seemed his eyes were unlined now. His hair was blonder, not even a hint of grey. The lines around his mouth were softer now too. If anything, John looked younger than before. Sherlock rose from his chair and crouched before John, actually staring at his face.
“Not as much as I want, no.”
“Yes, and hers and my father’s timeline goes backwards. The first time he met her, she died for him. It’s quite idiotic if you think about it. But it worked for them.”
“Ollie, Sherlock is one of us.”
“His handler?”
“The nurse was informing me if her evolution continues to be the same we might be taking our daughter home next week. They are doing observation now; she is definitely yours John, a true warrior.”
“Ta for that mate, Sherlock is a colorful enough alive and I won’t imagine his ghost would be any more pleasant.”
“He came a few minutes after we wound up there, carrying your sister in magical bindings over his shoulder. He seemed to be expecting someone else because he threw a killing curse our way and apparated out of it. I grabbed him, but he managed to shake me off. Mercifully, Gabrielle had a hold on me, and we wound up in London. We came back here a few seconds ago. You?”
This said with one of his half smiles. Oh, yes, magic was involved. They made it to the hospital with no trouble and the hours went by so fast that they didn’t realise visiting hours were over long before they finally left. Parents got special dispensation if they wanted to stay the night, and John was feeling like a pretty shit parent for leaving his baby all these days and nights alone.
"I never knew one of the twins died in the Battle. There were many casualties in that war, and I never read the accounts written after, not that I would have recognised many names. I was at the Academy, and I know Madame Maxime worked as kind of a link to the giants in the war, but the only one I heard something about after was Fleur Delacour."
“You don’t live in London, then?”
She used that old fashioned greeting among warlocks. Not many warlocks knew their blood relations, since most of them were produced by shape changing demons. The offspring of Greater Demons were few, and fewer less like John and Harry, twins and children of the same human mother. He kissed his sister’s hand and pulled her chair for her.
“Ragnor cared for him.”
He smiled mischievously.
“Harry. I sent the Patronus. My brother got it instead. I was probably in too much emotional turmoil to concentrate on anything but the message.”
And with that, John punched him in the face and jumped over him.
“I’m not much for stating the obvious, but I’m unused to people knowing the things I can see are true. He looks very happy and healthy.”
When he woke up, Sherlock’s hand was still on his shoulder. Sherlock had showered and dressed, his curls wet, sticking a little to his forehead. He wondered how much he had slept. As always, the detective spoke before he needed to phrase his thoughts, completing them.
“Well, well, dear brother, you have company? I didn’t expect it, otherwise I would have used another mean of transportation. Scratch that. I would’ve appeared in your room instead. Good evening, sir. My name is Magnus Bane.”
“Yes. Moran’s eyes.”
“It was not your fault. We had to catch Moran before he wreaked havoc over the British Magical Community. Our daughter will not resent us days she won’t remember. Now, stop it.”
“Now you’re brooding. Knut for your thoughts?”
John had never wanted to curse two strangers so badly.
"Anyway, we don't have time for that. We need to review the contents of those books. Brother, when can we get them?"
St. Mungo's Hospital, and John is back in his element.
“I assure you I trust my brother completely; he is a very resourceful man. You know he is also trained as a muggle doctor? I’m sure he can handle any possible complications, with the right potions. My younger brother is a Potions Master; I’m sure they can manage the rest at the manor house. You surely know we have a new addition to the family now, and I’d hate to be here in case she is discharged home earlier. They are staying with us until they have the proper modifications done to their flat in London.”
"Long day?"
"Mycroft is up to something."
He grabbed the pen, and John motioned to give him his wand, which Sherlock refused.
“How old are you really, John? Is that your real name?”
“She won’t! They don’t use transfiguration as a punishment! She was bluffing the last time!”
“I’m good at many things.”
“There could be a moment, an opening. Mind, you would only have minutes. And you better go armed. Mmmm, if you take my father’s TARDIS she might not even shoot you.”
John said softly, almost a whisper. Sherlock finally relaxed.
"Sherlock, put it back, please. Ford, Sherlock. I... I just can't."
“Yes, and since we didn’t know if our baby would inherit John’s magic, well, we thought it wasn’t worth the hassle bringing her here. She’s doing fine.”
“Retirement in the country?”
He waved his hand, blue waves coming out of his fingers, and John’s mustache was gone.
Victor braced himself, opening his legs a little, still on his knees, and started the spell again. Alissa was loaning him her magic and John was healing him. The door opened, and Sherlock jumped in, without looking back. The door closed. He looked manic, and kneeled immediately next to Victor, holding John’s arm in a strong grip, kissing his head, while the other man continued to work on the cuts that kept opening.
“God Tiger, YOU ARE BRILLIANT! I could kiss you right now if I didn’t know Miff would curse me on the spot.”
“No, angels, demons and fairies are immortal too. But vampires are the only immortal ones who were human once.”
“You could say that. Pleasant to see you again, John. Rory Song, Jack’s partner.”
. John went straight to one of the creatures with his bare hands, ripping limbs, avoiding stingers and mouth.
“Reassure him. Tell him whatever you want.”
“Nobody gave a skill.”
John started laughing again, and Sherlock looked at him and smiled. Then his face changed, morphed to the sour look he reserved for his brother only.
“But you were a Shadowhunter?”
“As much as I like Simon, he was a vampire, John, like any other vampire, he craved blood and he once attacked and killed a pre-teen girl. You surely remember that. And Raphael…”
“The real Victor, if you don’t mind.”
John walked into the room, closing the door behind him. Mary was asleep in her bed, looking peaceful and relaxed. John checked the monitor, her heart rate and blood pressure were back to normal ranges. He felt a pang in his chest. John should have been there for his wife; he should have been by her side as she pushed their baby into the world. The room was big, and he moved a chair to sit by his wife, holding the hand not attached to any monitor.
“No, darling, we can see them, but they can’t see us. They only see a big chunk of rock.”
Hermione opened the door so that they could walk into a dimly lit office, the same furnishings as Mycroft's office in the British government, with a few differences. There was a tea set, serving tea on its own in a corner tea table. Mycroft was seating in a plush armchair, talking to a tall, thin man with sparse red hair. John looked at him instead of Mycroft, and the man smiled.
Harry was the first to speak up.
“I know, truly a shame.”
“You are a natural Johnny. Pity you don’t know if you want to keep doing magic, losing you would be a blow to the magical community.”
“No trouble,
“Don’t worry. I don’t think the Night Children will join us tonight. They still haven’t made their minds.”
“You know I observe, John.”
Said with a fake nonchalance that John was having none of.
"Distant relations."
“Clearly you have stated that there was a point in time were we could reach her and she wouldn’t be in danger or trouble.”
“No use. I wouldn’t recognize a grenade even if it bit me in the ass. I leave transfiguring weaponry in your capable hands.”
“If we make it out of here.”
John felt himself tense, back going straight to his default military pose.
“Each door handle was a trap, he was expecting us. He picked one of us to taunt on each door. The Venomous Tentacula was for me, the fire for Harry, the acromantula for Victor and whatever Creevey and Prewett are facing is for another one of us. The rest of the team was unable to see him? I wonder how he managed to acquire all this knowledge about us. Not many people know that Victor has an irrational fear of spiders.”
"Mmm, good luck with the Harpies, they have a great team."
“But surely you have found this case interesting at least?”
“Shit, someone is knocking.”
“Nonsense cutie pie, you can’t blame yourself for an Imperius curse! He was a mighty wizard indeed, and he took advantage of your broken heart. You just discovered your mentor murdered; surely you were distraught. He might never have got to you in another moment.”
“Screw you.”
“Merry Christmas from Alexander, Max and me.”
Again with the unholy pout. Sherlock's face softened a little, his arm still grabbing Victor's elbow.
John gave the finger to Victor, who just licked his lips the way John usually did subconsciously, which only made him laugh. He read the spell and the motions three times out loud and three times in his head, before standing in front of his mirror image. He started on the conjuring, and it took just one failed try before the scar began to fade.
Moran’s eyes lit with fury at Mycroft’s taunting, and he started directing all his curses at him. John and Victor could barely keep up. Their shields were failing, and Mycroft pounded his umbrella on the floor, causing both men to fall on their backs. Moran directed all his curses at him, and Mycroft deflected him, manoeuvring his umbrella like a sword. The man was an exceptional dueler, much better than John had ever imagined. Still, while he was protecting himself from death, he couldn’t land a curse on Moran, and the man was fast. John crawled next to Mycroft, and he tried to deflect the curses.
“Yes!!!! That would be amazing! I’m taking full credit for that!”
John’s hound quickly disappeared as he pulled Victor from the floor. The man could barely stand. Harry appeared with his aurors in an instant.
Sherlock finally moved from his place in the wall and was about to speak before Hermione started on Mycroft.
They started laughing, started as a nervous chuckle until it transformed into full-blown laughter.
Sherlock blushed at the comment, but replied coldly, voice contradicting the face.
“We shouldn’t be rude to the house elves, Sherlock.”
Two figures in dark robes with green walked side by side, each whispering loudly.
"Let's go see your prat of a brother."
"You started Hogwarts in 1992?"
"They are already on their way to Baker Street, sir. Better those two be there before they arrive."
“John. Mary left on her own accord. She had someone pick her up on a hydraulic lift, and she escaped in an unmarked white van. Elle, you protected the room from people outside, but Mary wasn’t a prisoner here. She could escape if she wanted to. If you check the bathroom, you’ll see her gown in the hamper, and she wore some coveralls like she was trying to pass as a painter.
"Oh yes, he knew. Sebastian even tried to bring him back to life. He almost succeeded. But we got his body back before he could finish the spell. It was a very complex piece of dark magic that included giving Moriarty a piece of his soul to call him back from the dead. He never saw me directly, and I still think he didn't know I was a wizard."
Sherlock waved his hand as saying be my guest but refused to speak even then.
“Forget about it, it’s a movie reference. Marks could be visible, and it depends on the mother if the warlock baby survives or not. It’s difficult, most of them are killed by their mothers when they are born or soon after. Sometimes it doesn’t happen, and as soon as the warlock grows up they can do magic.”
"This is what Moran wants. You need to hide it from him, don't tell anyone, not even Mycroft, when you do. It needs to be safe."
Harry looked at the bracelet, inspecting the material.
Victor beamed at John’s praise, which looked funny because it was now Harry smiling at him then.
“Look at you, so full of intent.” Victor chuckled from his chair.
His voice remained oily, and he was sporting a fake Holmes smile now to add, turning on all his well-hidden charm. Alissa was frowning, but she let her husband do his ‘thing’. Evidently, she also wanted him to come home, even if she was mad at him. John decided it was best to play along and get Mycroft his discharge.
“Captain!!! So glad you are here? Brought the husband along I see?”
. You will see.”
“Actually, would you mind if I went to Diagon Alley before? Do we need to leave together?”
“You really need to ask?”
"As you wish John. I'll just put you up to date, no doubt Sherlock told you who Moran is. His intentions are clear also: he plans to trash both the muggle and magical worlds to get to Sherlock. His goal is to finish him and anybody else who obstructed Moriarty's network. That includes both Victor Trevor, my wife and me. His secondary targets include you, your wife, Mrs Hudson, Molly Hooper and Gregory Lestrade. I was planning to remove all of you to safe houses around the country this week. However, your wife refused when I talked to her earlier. I know she is a trained sniper, and a good shot too. But this is not a Muggle foe that she can easily conquer."
“Yes. I always wondered why you didn’t pressure me for more information that day, or the next day, or even the next week. You are usually so insistent. Like when you were trying to find my middle name.”
“You bastard. I’ve been there for you, many times before. Fine, if you don’t want me to be your handler, you can go wandless today. You could go naked for all I care. Let’s go, Victor.”
“Now you just ruined it, John. You name your daughter after a queen and choose a pedestrian nickname?”
“Sir, the car is ready for you.”
Molly blushed, and cleared her throat, looking at Greg, who made up his mind and started speaking again.
John took his lover back home, to his final resting place. He mourned him, and talked to him in his grave. It seemed like days passed, and he still haven’t heard a word from Sherlock. He was starting to feel restless. His phone beeped.
"So we can at least have dinner then?"
"We can only speculate, unfortunately. We would never know, my dear. Sherlock?"
John gave the man’s hand a little squeeze, and Alissa stepped and sat on John’s other side, taking his other hand.
He found Victor lying on the ground, bleeding from fresh cuts everywhere, hell, his arms were a sodding mess, and his jeans full of blood stains. John cursed and started healing him all over again. Most of the cuts closed, but the blood loss was enough so that Victor looked even paler than his usual complexion.
"Wait, what?"
Sherlock was waiting for the analysis from John. For the indication that he was mentally ill, that he was hallucinating and he needed to take medication. He knew this moment would come someday. It was the reason he never let anyone get close to him. But he knew he was in love with John Watson, and this was going to hurt. Because he could bear his mother and Mycroft thinking he was insane, but
He pointed at Sherlock as he sat in the big sofa, and soon Sally and Molly took each of his sides, the former to his left and the latter to his right. Greg irradiated an aura of authority and command, and John wondered how he missed the supernatural power and his place in the food chain.
"I'm not. You need to tell me your side of the story. Tell me, and I will complete mine for you."
"The thing is Sherlock, we..."
“If she has the Watson temper, she’ll surely tell us. But is our duty as parents that she at least is informed of her options. Ilvermorny exists too.”
“I think we are in the right spot. Let’s cross our fingers, because I really don’t want to park anywhere else.”
“Hogwarts, Sherlock. If she wants something else, she’ll probably tell us.”
And they both started laughing again. Since Sherlock didn’t react, other than blinking, Victor decided to take pity on his friend, and with a wave of his wand fixed his trousers while changing again. He retrieved his shirt from the floor and did the buttons again before leaving the room, not before he whispered something in Sherlock’s ear that made him scowl and try to slap him on the back of the head. Victor, expecting something like that, just dodged the hit and laughed his way out of the room. As he closed the door, Sherlock’s eyes refocused on John, a somewhat predatory look in his eyes once more.
"Ah, no, they are still called Healer and the last name, Sherlock was referring to my muggle title."
"I made my very first friends at Beauxbatons. Well, a friend and an ex, if that counts."
Where the two idiots finally talk about their feelings, and they finally find Moran's whereabouts. Also we get to know the baby's name and some serious parenting takes place.
“Who are you supposed to be now, then?”
"A couple of weeks more to go, thank you, Percy."
“It’s well outside your division, Inspector. Just let my people do their thing.”
Mycroft reached for his wand again, and waved it up and down, then sent his hand into the nothingness in front of him. His hand disappeared, and out of thin air, he produced a beautiful wand, carved with stars, made of a type of wood John didn't recognise. He gave the wand to Sherlock, who grabbed it and kissed the tip like a little boy holding his most cherished toy.
the Institute? It has the most potent glamours available. Your sight is clearly something else.”
"Yes, yes, he is not a squib, even if I tell him so twice a day. He works for both the British Muggle government and the Ministry of Magic. He started as a junior unspeakable and worked his way up the Department of Mysteries at a very young age. He was 23 when Voldemort took over the Ministry, and both sides decorated him, muggle and magical, after taking Kingsley Shacklebolt's post guarding the Muggle prime minister and the Queen during Voldemort's uprise. I believe he has an Order of Merlin, second class and a Distinguished Service Order for that. Why do you think he always carries that blasted umbrella of his? The handle is his wand."
“Actually, yes. I think I can stomach better whatever we have to face later with Moran if I see her. I’m taking a shower.”
“Surely it’s better if you stay in bed today, Master?”
"Ollivander's? Yes, you are British and a Muggleborn. What core? I would guess dragon heartstring. You, of all people, with a Rowan wand."
"I want your word on that one, John. Shall we?"
“I like that name. Compromise though, middle name? I’ve already chosen her first name.”
As they arrived in Baker Street, Anthea pulled her phone out and started giving instructions to some unknown minions, probably on the muggle side, John thought. Sherlock's expression looked blank, as he collapsed on his chair and placed his hands in front of him. John sat on his chair, which was now back in its regular spot, no doubt the work of Mrs Hudson.
John took in the word sister and looked at Sherlock, who was wearing his 'no feelings' mask. Did Sherlock have a sister? He was starting to unnerve himself with every unknown detail about his friend.
“How would I know?”
"I thought you would behave a little better, with your brother's current situation and all. At this pace..."
“I’m sure I can make some arrangement with the Shadowhunter so that they’ll leave me alone after this.”
John felt he was finally getting to the bottom of the Holmes sibling rivalry, knowing something terrible must have happened all those years ago to make a brother erase his sibling from his memory. He knew Mycroft's twin must be dead by now, or he would have seen him.
“I’ve told you a million times, Sebastian, it sounds ridiculous when you call me that. And the situation was well at hand, I didn’t need the cavalry to step in.”
"But you didn't know that Luna dearest, pray Dr Watson, are you a skilled legilimens?"
“Do you have something I can read on Shadowhunters while we wait?”
“Yes. But we can start with this one. I believe we can take this group out, three of them, one is enough. Now, the rest of you, shield charms around the rest of the wall. Tum, as soon as you see me throw it, close the hole. Now.”
"We are not going to Percy's, for Merlin's sake!"
His phone beeped again.
"For a moment there, I thought when she said 'my husband' she was talking about Sherlock."
Nothing.
He started again, crouching on the floor, pulling his magnifying glass out.
“Bites.”
"Film, if you must know. And you are one to talk! Vanity, thy name is William Sherlock Scott Holmes, the cleverest cat of them all!"
“Another word from you and the next one goes straight to your head, mate.”
“He’s brilliant; he’ll get better ideas,” John said, confident in Victor’s skills. “I still resent those sodding self-cleaning robes; he could be dead right now.”
"I'll be helping Sherlock with this if he wants me."
“Sure, you need to get to know your goddaughter.”
“I see she has the family complexion; the hair is recessive.”
“Just one thing brother.”
For such a smart man, Sherlock could be so thick sometimes.
“Ah, I see. Is that the friend that you brought in after?”
“America? Where the fuck is he hiding? Don’t tell me New York because I’ll murder him myself.”
John touched his wand to his temple, and they were both standing back in Mycroft's office. Mycroft was in the same chair, still reading the Daily Prophet.
“Yep.”
"Doctor, we'll take it from here.
"She was in one of those movies John made me watch a thousand times or more."
“What the…”
“Yes, you git, I need the book about skin healing you were talking about.”
"Exactly. Mycroft had left the school that year, so it was only me. I was eleven, and I remember those months at Hogwarts as the happiest from my childhood. Professor Snape liked me from the start, which was not that rare, he loved my brother, he was a Prefect and one of his most cherished pupils. But I think he saw in me something different, kind of a kindred spirit. I was brilliant in potions from day one, and since I was reticent and never talked much, he never disliked me as much as he did some of his other brilliant students, like Hermione Granger-Weasley."
“This used to be my brother’s office. It was always a mess. John, a pleasure to see you.
Sherlock's eyes widened a little, before setting his face back to his unexpressive mask. John tried his best to maintain his composure.
John likes it.”
They moved onto the lift, followed by a couple of paper aeroplanes. John remembered from the last time he was here that they were interdepartmental memos. Many things had indeed changed. The Fountain of Magical Brethren, which towered in the atrium the last time he set foot in that place, was removed from its spotlight. He remembered someone saying a creepy statue took its place when Voldemort took over, but now a monument with the names of all that died fighting him was on that site. He passed it without looking, not wanting to remind himself of all the losses. Sherlock was fidgeting in the small space of the lift, and Hermione kept looking at him disapprovingly.
"Well, congratulations then! Maybe your baby girl and little William will be in the same year at Hogwarts, eh Myc?"
“You can treat any potion, any potion whatsoever, like a poison, and by separating it into its components, you can make a counter-potion or an antidote.”
"Pleased to meet you, Mrs Watson."
"You are aware you keep saying that out loud?"
“I’m 1800 years old, give or take. I don’t really count them anymore. Harry doesn’t remember either, she only reminds me she is the younger sister every couple of hundred years when she needs a favor from me.”
John snorted at his friend's lack of humility.
“She does. I guess she wasn’t expecting something like this to happen.”
"Both Sherlock and Mycroft are highly trained wizards too, Mary."
Sherlock Holmes had always seen things. Things he couldn’t really explain, that just happened before his eyes. The first time it happened, he was four years old, playing near the pond that was just on the limits of the Holmes’ state. He saw a pretty insect like lady, purple, with beautiful translucent wings, just the size of his own small hand.
“I love you, John.”
John was furious now.
Sherlock started circling the woman, like a bird of prey, and John could recognize that look anywhere. He was close to a break in the case, as remotely and ridiculous as it could possibly be at this point.
“That’s why you laughed.”
Alissa started fidgeting with stuff on her desk before settling on her chair and staring at the wall.
“Not working, Miff.”
Sherlock turned to face John and talked directly to him, not taking his eyes off John's.
Bureaucracy and some nonsense before they manage to get to America. It will prove harder to get to Moran than they thought.
Victor looked at the wall, clearly following John’s line of thought.
"Oh, Sherlock! You silly thing, Father knows I only have eyes for him. But Victoria was supposed to go with me to the Hospital."
“Stay?”
“Like Anthea. I notice she never shows her skin, and neither do you, brother.”
“That is the understatement of the millennia.”
“Sorry?”
The house was almost half an hour away from London. It had a beautiful front garden, that looked better kept than the last time John saw it. They went through the gates, and Mummy Holmes was waiting for them in the doorway.
“I’m taking the top bunk.”
"Now, Victor, you do your thing, grab me with your left arm and wrap your wand arm around John's arm. Lift your robes so he can touch you. John, we are going to lend our magic to Victor, to empower his spell. This is a charm I invented myself, and it needs contact. Raise your wand, and make the infinite sign with it, an inverted eight-figure, while saying
“You are the best man I’ve ever known. You also happen to be a fantastic kisser.”
“Well, are you done with the useless facts, little brother? We need to see this Gideon about a dead Shadowhunter and fairy.”
"Whatever you blame John for Clara, stop. Everyone makes their own decisions. Including your wife, and since you seem to have forgiven her, and she has settled things with John, the logical step for you is to move on, if you can't forgive, at least refrain from making faces to your brother-in-law when you are attending his partner's birthday party."
“John, I’m so sorry! This wasn’t supposed to go this way! He was supposed to get away.”
“So when is she less likely to put a bullet on both of us?”
“Nothing.”
"You know, some people don't cherish the experience. I guess she can now boast of having two brothers who will pick the pieces when they fall out of it."
“I’m going to take Marisol out of the Institute for a while, just call me if you need me.”
“Poor cat. I remembered you used to terrorize the horses.”
Victor's eyes came back to focus, his green eye turning into an alarming shade of orange, like a cat.
The book glowed but didn't open.
"You are brilliant."
"He really doesn't like him?"
Mummy Holmes was in the dining room, talking with Sherry over a list of guests and a menu. John remembered now, The family scheduled Sherlock’s birthday dinner party for tonight.
John sighed again. This wasn’t how he expected to spend his night. He wanted the case to be a four or less, so Sherlock would solve it in minutes, and then finally he could get into Sherlock Holmes’s pants.
“Yes.”
“You know? I’m not. You and me, when we get back home, we are going to talk.”
Sherlock scoffed and looked from Victor to his brother in disgust.
"Quidditch, not really my area."
After their brunch, both Sherlock and John left the house in their muggle clothing, deciding to take a cab to the hospital. Sherlock’s ability to summon them out of thin air seemed like it had magic involved somehow.
“Do you remember that time he challenged you to a sword fight?”
“You had the chance to eat, and neither of you could check your sodding phones?”
“Yes, demons are evil creatures from other dimensions, that come into this one to cause mayhem and havoc. There are many types of demons. Warlocks have a mark, something that identifies them as other than human. It could be very obvious, like horns or having an entirely different color of skin. Like the Wicked Witch of the West?”
"I could get you to a training session, or tickets for a match if you wish."
“John?”
Sherlock’s face turned white, and Victor placed his hands on his face.
"Mycroft must know. He knew all about her after I revealed the existence of the flash drive to him. He knows everything that goes on, on both worlds."
He pulled out his wand, safely hidden inside his jacket.
“So, you agree? To do this little experiment with me, I mean.”
"Yes, dearest, it seems we both needed to, as a matter of fact."
"Yes, I bet I could. Maybe we could get rid of the one on your chest also if you'd like that."
John laughed, and Oliver pulled into a hug. John breathed him in, still the same familiar smell after all this time. Oliver kissed his hair. John’s eyes felt moist, a single tear running down his cheek. He pulled back from the hug and looked at his long-lost brother’s eyes for the first time in years.
“Your first game?”
"I said busy! But I need to do you again."
"Obliviate me. Please, brother."
“He was one of my best friends.”
Two black cars were waiting for them outside of the emergency room, no doubt Mycroft was well known there, and they wouldn’t want to risk leaving through magical means. Mycroft and Alissa rode into the first one, leaving the rest of them to cram in the second one. Sherlock got in, John after him, and Victoria got the second window. She yawned and started some mindless chatter about all the times she had been in a hospital before today. John pretended to listen, nodding when it seemed right to do it. His mind was back at the hospital, with his daughter in the NICU. Sherlock looked out the window, ignoring both of them.
“I think it’s best if you forego your role in this mission.”
“Victor is a woman a big percentage of the time, John. He can be, he physically is one, his abilities let him do as he pleases, most of the time. Were you flirting with him because he is genderfluid?”
“He did; however, I did not answer his call. This seemed like a more important affair and I’m pretty sure even Mycroft can’t make a blue police box appear in our sitting room. John, I’m afraid this is one of those cases.”
John shook his head at this, and Victor just scoffed at him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft looked baffled, and then he looked at Sherlock, who had a nonchalant look on his face.
Mortal Instruments characters
Victoria kissed both of Mummy’s cheeks and gave her a tight hug.
Mycroft rang for Sherry, who soon enough came with the star charts. They took the other end of the table, as Sherlock started to make calculations on them. He logged onto his phone and began a search,and then he placed a tack on a point in the map.
“Yes, Harry needs me Sherlock. I need to go too. I will join you as soon as I can. If you can let me know your location, I’ll get there, anywhere, as soon as I can.
“Unfortunately, yes. Moran spent some of his years in muggle armies. Rose to an officer position.”
“Don’t be stupid; your nose is perfect.”
Victor opened the hole, Sherlock slithered his long arm inside and threw the grenade, Victor blocking the hole immediately, as soon as it touched the ground it exploded. They could see the fire through the glass, which only cracked a little. Three down, God knew how many more to go.
“So you finally saw the light then brother?”
“I heard you have kids now?”
“This was more difficult than before, Alissa, had to go to the Department of International Cooperation before setting this one. Are you sure you want to appear unannounced?”
“Do...don’t bother.”
“Thought you’d like this colour better.”
“Without even blinking. She was quite a jewel, my dear mother.”
The elf bowed and went to stand next to her mistress.
“About that Sherly, I don’t appreciate when you stick your nose on my business, bad form and all that. After all, we are faaaamily.”
“But what did you mean?”
“The problem with quills. Pointy tips. They ruin the wood on tables. Mummy always insisted on us to use muggle pencils on the holidays or do homework anywhere that wasn’t a wooden surface. Mind, she bought her children wooden desks for school, so the point was moot.”
The lights flickered, and the nurses started to look around, a little alarmed.
. That is the solution to this particular
“You finally figured up the thing is enchanted?”
Harry looked torn, already holding the coin in his hand. At last, he seemed to weigh his options and nodded at Sherlock. He gave all of them the possible addresses, and he grabbed John’s arm, motioning Victor to catch the other.
“Honey, it’s not nice to threaten your friends.”
"The other candidate is Hermione Granger-Weasley, war hero, muggleborn, close friend of the hero of the century, but still, unfortunately, not the favourite in the run."
"I was in Flitwick's choir though; he loved my voice."
“Rowan.”
"So, you were having a good time. I forgot you were such a good dancer."
“I agree. This is war. We will probably need you back here.”
John was having a great day. Despite not having a case, Sherlock was not in one of his horrible sulks, contented to lie around the flat in his dressing gown, spending some time in his mind palace and even accepting some tea when John pushed a cup his way. This, this were the kind of days John had missed the most, when Sherlock was away, when he was living his nightmare of a marriage with Mary. Days in which they could almost be mistaken as a normal, domestic kind of couple, even if they were nothing of the sort.
“Ta. You do too, you know.”
“Sounds like a date. Mummy, you can’t come shopping with me, can’t you?”
“I’m taking off your jeans.”
“So basically you are saying we are facing God knows how many Morans inside this tunnel, who armed not with magic but guns?”
A sea of wizarding robes greeted them, and true to form, Sherlock's face morphed into his usual bored and condescending expression. John could see some people he knew, a beautiful older black woman with short natural hair who could only be Alissa's mother was talking animatedly with Kingsley Shackebolt. Percy and his wife Audrey sipped wine in a corner with Ron and Hermione Granger-Weasley, a woman who looked like an older version of Gabrielle, probably her older sister Fleur and a tall red-headed guy with scars on her face, her husband, Bill. John remembered him a little from school since he was the Head Boy the year John started in Hogwarts, he liked Charlie better, who was his Quidditch captain when he played. He thought about getting closer to greet them when he felt Sherlock point as his brother.
"Always so clever, Miff, as a matter of fact, yes."
John opened his mouth at this, and Victor placed a hand in front of him, shutting him up dramatically.
“John, stop listening on other people’s conversations, it’s a rather rude habit to pick up.”
He woke up in his bedroom in 221B, bowtie loosened up. The sheets on the bed were different, and they smelled like John. He turned on the pillow, his pillow, catching the scent of John Watson in his bed, committing it to memory, to that special place in his mind palace reserved for all things John. Where was John? Surely he was the one who brought him back home. He heard voices coming from the sitting room.
She made a fuss of straightening her perfect outfit, and proceeded to address Sherlock, extending her hand.
“Sorry, I will stop if you don’t like it.”
Mummy seemed to have danced enough for the night. She moved towards her youngest son with a look of happiness on her face. She pulled Sherlock down for a kiss on his cheek, received under duress.
“Brunch then?”
“Sherlock, your shirt is stained with blood.”
John could barely keep his mouth open. He looked back at Ianto, who was grinning, Sherlock just seemed pleasantly amused at John’s reaction and Bill was wondering when John was going to ask the particular question that was all over his face at the moment.
“Trevor. He is a friend of the family.”
“We could use another Puff in the family. What do you think Johnny?”
He seemed to realise he said a little too much, and John could see a faint blush on his usual pallor. Maybe he wasn't the only one drained by the day. Anthea moved from her spot, and they heard the door and the steps up the stairs. Escorted by two of Mycroft's agents, Greg Lestrade and Molly Hooper arrived, worried looks on both their faces. They greeted the pair and nodded at Anthea, and sat side by side on the sofa.
Sherlock was beaming at him, and John looked proud. Apparently, the man could transfigure anything.
“That! That’s the John Watson I know! Captain, nice! A man who fought the Daleks along the Doctor with no fear whatsoever.”
“Venomous Tentacula. If you weren’t a sodding pervert, you would be dead by now too, Tum Tum.”
! All set, firstie. Remember a Slytherin helped you one day when you are bent on slaughtering my team on Quidditch!”
“Yes, they can! And, well, we need you both. We can’t think of a way to find the Doctor. He didn’t even take the TARDIS with him. I wasn’t lying when I told you we were desperate.”
Victor turned to look at Mycroft this time, who was shaking his head and sighing.
. Sherlock was stiff for a couple of seconds before relaxing into John’s grip, placing his arms above John’s shoulders, while the doctor had them around his back. He didn’t want to let go.
“No, I told you Harry was short for Harriet, which is true. That is the name she is currently using.”
He was glad Lily, the vampire who was now the head of New York’s vampire clan, had already left.
John did recognise the woman. He was sure this woman was a Bond Girl a few years back. What was she doing in the office of the Head of the Department of Mysteries, Merlin only knew. But he was sure he had heard Mycroft using that name before.
“Yes.”
“And now we have the dear Dr. Watson. Or should I call you Dr. Van Helsing?”
"I was just telling Myc here that I was talking about you the other day. With your sister, nonetheless. There was a friendly game between the Harpies and Puddlemere United the other day, and there she was, decked from head to toe in Puddlemere gear. I recognised her, and when she saw me approaching her, she beamed at me and started talking about you. I believe congratulations are in order. When is your wife due?"
if you fancy a chat.
“Pleeeease Miff, even a blind man can see that the man is not completely straight either. He has been checking me out, for crying out loud, though I don't blame him. The man is at least attracted to men on some level. So I’m just saying I see why you like him, and I wouldn’t mind being on all fours for a man like that. I wouldn’t mind even if he had a Venomous Tentacula kink or something like that. So that’s that, and there's no need to be mad about it.”
“Can you leave us alone for a bit Mycroft? I need to talk to Sherlock.”
“Those boys are the killing machines known as Shadowhunters.”
Magnus asked softly, basically speaking in a whisper, probably not meaning Mycroft to hear him. But Mycroft knew how he managed, how he still manages, duty, honor and the man standing beside him holding him, that’s how he escaped the certain madness that comes with losing a parabatai bond. He remembers the real moment he lost his parabatai, all those years ago, when he found him and two other members of the Circle cornering a young werewolf in an alleyway in London.
Sherlock grimaced, and John knew he was not going to like what came next.
"I changed my mind, Miff."
Oliver looked at Sherlock, and then his gaze went down to John again. He was still taller than John, had always been since they were kids.
John looked at him in surprise, and Sherlock shrugged.
“God, sorry for you, mate.”
"Now, touch the memory with your wand John. We'll go in together if we are touching each other."
, listen. We need William's wand. Now."
Sherlock looked around, and realisation clicked, a panicked look on his face now.
“John.”
“Good. Mac owes me, and I believe he will be happy with the arrangements.”
“Now, no time for that. We have to get ready to greet your guests downstairs.”
“Yes, er, is it safe to go to my flat? I need to get some of my things.”
“Now I see, she caught you both before finishing the preparations. It’s great that you have your brother’s house to stay while they finish the nursery in your flat.”
The pen glowed again, and Sherlock disappeared.
“I’m sorry?”
spell to make it look like me. Transfiguration and all the variants of the craft are his forte. He is a Metamorphmagus, and he was the cyclist who confounded you before you checked on me."
“Master Sherlock sir, there are people here to see you. The Mistress’ boss is in the dining room. Master and Mistress are waiting for you and Dr Watson there.”
"Sherlock, be nice. Thanks, Zack."
The fire was starting to move closer, and John threw an
It was John’s turn to almost fall, and Sherlock was right behind him, holding him steady. Mycroft hung up, as his wife emerged from the fireplace, and his head went into the fire instead. He came out a few minutes after, with a silver spoon in his mouth.
And as he heard her voice, Sherlock passed out.
“What?”
Mycroft spoke to John in a calm, reassuring voice, and John was thankful to have so many people worrying about the welfare of his child and wife, more than he ever expected considering the circumstances. His family circle was so limited, seeing all of them with worried faces and Mycroft with all his calm knowledge and demeanour, leaning a little on his umbrella as he spoke, was almost too much for him. Victoria moved and grabbed his hand, and John let her. Sherlock was pacing the hallway, irradiating anxiety, making small motions with his fingers, mimicking a cigarette.
“I’m sure he would love to meet the Head Healer of St. Mungo’s. I was thinking, that, since you know how capable my brother is, you could discharge me into his hands. The hospital is top magical care, as we all know, but I’d be more comfortable in my bed.”
His phone beeped.
“Yes, to protect me, keeping me away from serving the tyrannical Clave. Allowing me to keep my life, to love whoever I wanted, without the scrutiny of Shadowhunters in my life. When did they got to you?”
“Well, you did a lot of things. I knew you were special since the beginning, I told you. Oh, she is going to be something. I wonder if she is going to be a Gryffindor like Ollie and you. Maybe she is going to be a Hufflepuff.”
“Obviously.”
“Oh no, have you fallen in love with that little Shadowhunter of yours? Ragnor told me.”
“John Watson, long time.”
“We need to talk Sherlock, but I’m hammered. I know you don’t usually sleep in the mornings, or at almost any time for that matter, but would you stay here with me? I’ll probably just take a nap.”
Bill was now standing next to Sherlock, moving from her place in the control panel.
“What did you give the wall?”
“Come along, Johnny!!”
“The bracelets. They are blocking our spells.”
“My, my, and you didn’t even buy me dinner first.”
Another enigmatic smile and a swish of robes, and his partner left the bedroom dramatically. Time to join the party then.
He showed the paper to the two aurors.
And others, but it's longish now, so I won't bore you anymore. Hit me on
"Of course. I was evident for me that would be the arrangement; I told my brother the first time he suggested this course of action."
“The family worships her like a kind of deity. She was the voodoo queen of Louisiana. A lot of Alissa’s magic is inherited and she is more dexterous at wandless magic than most people, as she grew up with African American traditions.”
“What is it, love?”
, love.”
“I think I can manage a grenade. I’ve never transfigured something as muggle as this. I don’t know if I can. Would you try it?”
John took the paper from her hand and read the contents. Alissa raised her wand and started moving her hands, not speaking the incantation out loud.
Victoria and Oliver get to know each other, dancing and a sentimental toast from Mycroft. John gets to show the moves Sherlock taught him, well, at least he doesn't step on Sherlock's toes.
She told the basics to Harry, and then he let one of the nurses take over. He was left standing alone with Sherlock and Oliver. Well, this one was long overdue.
thugs by the look of it.
He removed his robes; he was wearing dark trousers and a white shirt underneath, like the ones Sherlock favoured, with buttons straining. When he started unbuttoning his shirt, John began to get curious. What was he planning? His skin was pale and dusted with lots of freckles, especially on his arms and shoulders, also hundreds of little scars, scars everywhere.
No sooner they had started planning for the evening, Mycroft on his phone and Alissa with her head through the fireplace, that a silvery swan appeared.
“Oh, John! The modifications you could get free of charge! I’m positively jealous now. I need to hire you now. Perhaps when he is better, you can introduce me. Do you want to check on him too?”
“Vittorio, brother.”
Sherlock could see the police officers inside the space surrounded with the yellow tape. What he could also see clearly were two bodies, almost ten feet apart from each other. Surely the Yard could see that their crime scene was complete? He huffed in annoyance.
"Ah. Ouch."
She was livid; John had never seen his wife so mad, not even as she was threatening Sherlock when she feared he would reveal her secret.
"We don't live together anymore Hermione; I'm married to a muggle woman now, I'm having a baby."
He almost collapsed, before he felt warm arms, one around his back and another on his waist, stabilizing him.
“Yes. She is the most ruthless vampire in that nest. It seems there was an internal power struggle and Emilio conveniently decided to bolt to Spain. Rumor has it he is looking for her sire, so that he can make her step down.”
"Are you and Victor still together then?"
“Really? People say I look older with this thing.” He pointed at the mustache.
He pointed as his own upper lip, not looking back at John. The man chuckled behind him.
“She is doing well. We only intubated her for the dose of surfactant, and now she has a clear halo to aid with her breathing. She is only an hour old, though, so we need to observe her closely for a couple of days. I heard her mother was doing well, and when she wakes she can come and visit the baby. Do you want to go in? There are clean gowns through this door, and a sink for hand washing and gloves.”
“Come in.”
So those were the famous members of the golden trio. John already suspected Alissa was Mycroft's wife, so not the ex, and Sherlock is gay. He knew the whole affair with Janine was a ruse to get to Magnussen, but somehow really knowing that Sherlock was indeed gay and that he looked happy in a picture with his ex, made John have a lot of unhealthy thoughts.
“Wandless,
“What in God’s name are you, John Watson?”
Alec was smiling, and everyone was happy and clearly John was a very bad person, because he wanted out as soon as possible. So he gave his goodbyes, and hugged his nephew, lifted one last eyebrow Harry’s way and took a portal out of there.
Sherlock scoffed, but John could see a smile on his face, a smile that returned the unhealthy thoughts about Victor Trevor to John's mind very readily. He cleared his throat before adding,
At that moment Victor appeared in the dining room, Sherry trailing after him.
“Well, if you are a beater, good luck! Chasers have a horrible time trying to score through me.”
“Sherlock! Language!”
“Remembered the charm then?”
“You pick the eyeballs and the brain. They give me the creeps.”
"Exactly. But this is the first time I've seen them together in years, years, Sherlock. If they are going to give it a try, who am I to mess with it? And if that means moving them from the line of fire of my beloved partner, so be it, even if it means that said partner is going to make me sleep on the floor."
John walked towards him, pulled out his wand and started healing him without another word. The wounds wouldn’t close.
“Tried once, but probably since my body is a piece of transfiguration itself, the charm doesn’t work. But I don’t want you to worry about those. I wanted to do this.”
“I really can’t think of Mycroft or Mummy letting me someone’s butler or chauffeur.”
“I’ve seen them around sometimes too, in the tube, in the streets.”
Percy just sent Sherlock a benevolent smile before replying to his comment.
“I assume since you already know us, even if we don’t, we can skip the pleasantries. Tell me, when was the last time you saw your father? He is, after all, the one we are supposed to be looking for.”
Moran’s body started coming apart in pieces, skin, muscle, organs, bones, even the eyeballs, blood spilt to the floor. John looked around in horror as the body parts still glistened, looking remarkably alive, for body parts spread on the floor, that is. The eyeballs even moved from side to side. John wasn’t squeamish, he was a doctor for God’s sake, but the sight was enough to make his skin crawl. The doctor took a look at the brain before deciding it was better to look away. Victor was still on his back, apparently drained. Mycroft fell on his knees, his face paling, and he grabbed his chest. John moved to him, as Sherlock ran to his brother, pulling a potion out of his robes and thrusting it into his brother’s mouth without a word. Mycroft still looked pale, but he stood up, grabbing his sibling’s robes.
“What you really wanted to say is that you don’t see how I can be of use. But clearly I can use my science in this Shadow World of yours.”
She left her place on the chair and walked to John. She took out her wand and a piece of paper.
“So this is your little brother?”
“Birthday present?”
John's ears turned red at that comment. He could very well picture what Mary was imagining. After all, the press, the media, everybody assumed Sherlock and him were more than friends most of the time. He always denied it because having people say it when it was never the truth only made him mad, remembering what he never had. It never stopped, even after he married Mary. She always took it as a joke, but I guess she still doubted if there was any veracity behind the punch line. Mary stood silent for a while near the living room window. She seemed to be pondering the whole situation.
“I do.”
“So, how do you plan to find Moran?”
“And I’ve read your adventures with that muggle detective of yours. He doesn’t happen to be a squib or something like that? There’s a bloke with that same last name in the Ministry of Magic, who's the reason I’ve been summoned here at such an ungodly hour.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Bit mean, springing it on you like that, I know. Could have given you a heart attack, probably still will. But in my defense, it was very funny.”
“I’d rather choose my way to go. Maybe I’ll die before I stop being fabulous.”
“Back home. His home is in London. He was the High Warlock for ages, it’s his city, as well as mine.”
Alissa walked over to John and pulled him into a hug, which was awkward because John wasn't expecting it. She was as tall as he was, and her pregnant belly was barely noticeable in the red dress she was wearing. How far along was she?
"Yes, outstanding, you at least remember how old I am."
Jace Herondale and Alec Lightwood
“If I have to go with someone, I rather someone else joins me this time.”
Molly was crying as he reached the morgue, leaning next to one of her freezers for bodies. They were rolling Sherlock on the gurney and she leaped and grabbed John’s jacket.
“Yes, I’m sorry Billie, I don’t know why the TARDIS brought us here. But you know what Grandfather always says, the TARDIS takes you were you need to go. So maybe this place in time is exactly where we are supposed to be. Let me start again. Good evening, my name is Ianto Harkness and this is Bill Smith-Jones. We are both from the future, were you already know my father, mother and grandfather. Bill here, she travels with my grandfather all over time and space. She already knows you both from the future.”
John squeezed his hand, looking directly into his partner's eyes, letting him know without words how much it pleased him that he had done this for him and the family. Sherlock smiled at him and uttered softly, "So? Can we leave?"
. Grandmama Leveau knows; I need the practice. This is a thing of fate, darling.”
"Yes, for himself too. For him, for his friends. And magical law enforcement is involved. The whole operation is a professional enterprise from our side. I only want to see this to the end."
“Jack, you idiot, I could kill you right now! You know, we all mourned you! Even James felt like shit for days without your unruly self to make his life impossible.”
“I’m not spending the rest of the afternoon letting someone prick and prod me with wands and needles for your amusement Tum, birthday present or party notwithstanding.”
"Yes. After that, for you, for our daughter, I will walk away. We can go wherever you want, raise our daughter as far away from the magical world as you want."
“You are leaving. You were summoned?”
Again, nothing.
John felt his sorrow come back. Victor was half a war orphan. And so young, most of them were too young to understand why their parents were fighting. They were supposed to apparate near the entrance in a couple of minutes. He and Sherlock were supposed to go into the warehouse, taking the first entrance to the left. Everyone assumed positions, pairing with their partners, and when Harry said go, John felt Sherlock’s hand on his arm. They apparated just outside the warehouse, not a sight except the other team members, each in their positions. John was reaching for the handle of their supposed entry point when Sherlock pulled on him and made him face him.
“Well, I can’t complain. I have a little girl now; she is almost a day old.”
“And he is…”
"I have to apologise about it still, formally, that is."
“Here you go, ickle firstie.”
Cursing, more screaming.
That said with a stare directed at her youngest son.
"I think I can handle it, with Alissa and Victor, if you let him. John can join us now if he wants to, that is."
“Yes, darling, my wand suffered a little mishap. The damage it sustained is unfortunately beyond repair. Well, I’ve to talk to Miss Ollivander before the day is over. I’m sure she can make a suitable replacement for me.”
Sherlock was glaring at him now. He was angry, and John could see why, but he was not letting him go against unknown forces of the Shadow World, even if it meant an angry detective sulking around the flat. Even if Sherlock kicked him out. At that precise moment, a portal appeared in their sitting room. Sherlock’s eyes widened, before setting in the usual mask John recognized as disguising his thoughts and feelings.
“Perks of being a pervert.”
Victor blushed, and John wondered if he was making it happen with his abilities.
“Oh. Hello, Sherly darling. Did you miss me?”
"Now, Will, do me.
“Because you got ever so cross at me for speaking my mind. And for being more handsome and stealing Woolsey from your claws.”
, your brother is going to obliviate me.
Harry stood in front of the wall.
John snorted at the affirmation; his friend was truly unbelievable.
“I want to see my baby.”
“Those are Venomous Tentacula bites.”
“You told me you didn’t have a brother, the day we met.”
“I’m the only Shadowhunter here, which you will clearly find out for yourself if you opened the door. What harm can you expect of little old me? Surely you need to do proper surveillance before sending the rest of my group away. Do hurry up, I’m not getting any younger out here, and I’m not immortal, like some of my companions.”
“Are you saying that what happened in the Landmark is in some way related to the things I see?”
"I don't think you would remember older members of your rival house, especially if they didn't play Quidditch."
“There. Now you just look like a gay pornstar from a low budget movie. We’ll call it the pornstache.”
“Victor, could I abuse your trust in another favour?”
“Sorry, proper introductions must be made. This is Luke Garroway, formerly known as Lucian Greymark.”
Victor looked drained, pale as a paper, eyes started to look a little sunken. John transfigured a rock into a glass and made the water charm, raising the glass to Victor’s lips.
John Watson appeared to be having a great deal of fun hauling two more thugs by the scruff of their necks, two
“Victor. Timing.”
“There’s a secure room next door. You can make a portal there. You’ll find everything you need.”
“If he still talks to me after this, I mean.”
"Oh? Is that so?"
“Miff can make any potion you need.”
"I hope you don't mind me ordering for you. I thought this conversation required something stronger than pumpkin juice."
"Oi! Sherlock!"
“Nice to meet you, Mr. Lestrade.”
“God, Jackie, you even talk like mum. It’s unnerving.”
"We need them, Lioncourt. My wife's office."
“I’d rather go wandless for the rest of my life than accommodate to your wishes. I’m a grown man, and I've meant it before. You both don’t have a say in my life. Victor, I don’t tolerate you for two days sharing the same space. How the hell do you expect me to tolerate you as my handler?”
“Yes, at school. My best friend from Hogwarts was a professional Quidditch player ‘til a few years ago; he is now a coach.”
He pulled the man into a hug, and Victor winced before hugging him back, placing his chin on his head. John pulled back before adding,
Woolsey Scott: Werewolf, alive on Victorian times, first Praetor of the Praetor Lupus, an organization that protects newly born Downworlders, especially werewolves, so that they don't attack on their first changes with the moon and bite people. They also cater to newborn vampires sometimes. In this story he had a fling with John, before turning his attention towards his little brother Magnus.
John was starting to be annoyed now. What was the problem with Sherlock? Didn’t he understand John at all?
"Oh?"
“Don’t underestimate the love of William Holmes, John. That man is as madly in love with you as you are with him.”
John woke up after a night of restless sleep. He kept dreaming about the fall, and almost walked down the stairs a couple of times to check on Sherlock. As soon as the sun entered his room, he decided enough was enough and went downstairs. He heard the shower running, no doubt Sherlock had another sleepless night. He started ransacking the cupboards to make tea; we and realised they were out of tea and milk. Well, he was fully dressed, so a run to the store could benefit him, clear his head a little. He opened the door to 221B, and he could see Victoria standing in the hallway, a takeaway bag and coffee cups on her hands. She was wearing a different dress than the night before, but her eyes were red-rimmed and puffy like she also had a sleep-deprived night.
“Who was it, My? Who got stripped from his marks?”
“I’m so sorry, my friend. I’m sorry you had to face this alone. I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you, to protect you from whoever did this. You were always a thinker, a philosopher, but never a fighter. I’m going to find them, and it would be their turn to be sorry.”
"And who do you thank for that?"
Sherlock’s face flushed at John’s praise.
“Thank you, Gregory.”
Victor laughed, and John wondered what false memory he had planted in the room.
"Yes, she was here a couple of hours ago. She is at the house for the night, should you care to join us for dinner. It is time Lissa met John, dear brother, now that he will be joining the team."
He thought he already knew the answer, but he wanted Sherlock to confide in him.
“How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth? In this case, I have to admit you are probably stating the truth. I have at least a thousand memories in that tower that attest to your veracity. So, please, John start explaining now.”
Update! I hope you all like it, right on schedule because it's still Sunday in this corner of the world. Not betaed, not britpicked. Just me having fun.
“Yes, I could use your help. And quickly. I want to delay involving the Clave as much as I can. But the boy was a visitor, staying in the Institute for a year. Jonathan Cartwright. His girlfriend is distraught. She told me she wanted to call some friends from the Academy to help, and I allowed it. They will arrive tomorrow. I’ve told her I will do my own investigation, and would get the Clave involved if I don’t find the culprit soon. She seemed to agree to wait, as long as she could be a part of the investigation with her friends.”
“Sod off.”
“Yes, in a place I never, never visit.”
“You want to bring the one vampire who has escaped
“Yes.”
“Not legally in their society, no. Trust me, I know.”
"McGonagall if she has the time,
Magnus stood up from his seat, just as they heard a crashing noise outside.
"Pity. There's been a lot of advance in scar healing now. Healers can almost vanish old scars."
"I would do as you say if it is too much, I'll close my eyes, and we'll leave if I can't handle it."
"I'll wait for the next one; we are going in opposite directions."
“We should call for backup.”
“Wow. Fantastic.”
Victor kept looking at him apprehensively, as he couldn’t believe what John was offering him. John held his extended hand, waiting for the man to make up his mind.
He didn't actually know that, but he suspected it was the truth.
“John, uhm, sorry, but Mr. Holmes texted me in the morning. Told me the baby was born today. I wanted to meet her John; I wanted to meet her and meet your wife properly too.”
John laughed, a nervous laugh that Sherlock didn’t recognize.
"No traces of magic or any spells in place. He must have erased the protecting spells from the cottage. Alissa, do you see anything?"
know.”
“So, if I’d offered my clarinet skills?”
She poured two drops on each eye and sat next to John. Sherlock sat on his other side, next to Mummy, who sat at the head of the table, Alissa on her left, and Mycroft next to her.
Mycroft just had this type of luck. It didn’t matter if he kept out of the field most times, preferring to use his massive intellect to deal with difficult affairs and sending the rest of the London Enclave to hunt the demons they were supposed to keep at bay. But as soon as he found himself distracted and angry, angry at himself for snapping at one of his only friends and insulting his intelligence, he found himself under a surprise attack by not one, but ten Ravener demons. He did his best to eliminate the threat by himself. It would be lying to say that he wasn’t a little relieved when the others joined him, especially since the demons had surprised him and managed to hit him one or two times with their poisonous stingers. As always, he carried his weapons and stele with him, but he felt the energy draining from him, even as he drew more healing runes on his skin. As John ripped the head of one of the last ones, he felt the last of his energy drain and it required all of his strength to keep himself upright.
John apparated them just outside their destination, and he could see the darkened slaughterhouse just in front of them. They crept slowly towards the door.
“You are amazing. This is fucking creepy. I was not willing to use this charm the first time on Sherlock, why would you think I will use it on you? You are my friend, not a guinea pig.”
“You heard him. He knows something we don’t know, and he is going to be smug and not tell us anything. We should just follow his lead, I do it all the time.”
“Oh, so your detective is a squib then? He knows about you, and magic, no doubt.”
“I can’t possibly attend… Very well, I will.”
“Holmes Manor.”
He tapped his wand to his clothing, which morphed into his wine-coloured robes.
“Enough on you dying. I wondered if you were amenable to a little experiment.”
"John is not a muggle, Tum. Hogwarts alumni, like myself."
“Nonsense. And I can make it reappear once you get rid of it, so you have more than one shot at practising. It’s not the easiest spell, and let’s face it, you are wonderful, but you are still a little rusty and deserve the practice before you go and ruin more of Miff’s ivory skin.”
He never answered the question.
“Can you both go back with us? To Agora?”
“Interesting, we’ve grown a long way, doctor, in just a couple of days. From stating earlier this week that you didn’t expect an invitation to my wedding to admitting you were scared of my imminent demise tonight.”
Sherlock continued to throw daggers his way. Victor placed himself in front of the two doors he checked and grabbed the handles. The rest of them caught a handle each and waited for Sherlock.
“Call me Elle, please.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, dear, you mean the Lovelaces. Are you seeing them now? They usually only show themselves when the Institute is in danger. Protectors of the London Institute, both of them.”
"None left in England. I just touched the coin."
“Ask him, you’ll see. Did you have godparents in mind for the baby?”
“I beg your pardon?”
“Shadowhunter, warlock, old friends. Anna died a long time ago, Tessa is still around, she is married to a former…well, a special kind of Shadowhunter.”
The wall opened, and let him pass.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide as plates once again and John simply laughed. He didn’t know if
They made it to the visitor’s entrance just in time, talking to the dummy doll, who sent them to the emergency department. It wasn’t filled with people, like the muggle A&E because, mercifully, real magical emergencies were rare, and people were quickly sorted and transported to their respective wards. John looked at Victor, whose eyes were fluttering as he finally lost consciousness. Both men carried him inside St. Mungo’s, and John started to check on his wounds.
“Ok, we’ll just pretend you are dead. People are starting to come around; do you trust me?”
Victor ran to her, stepping on the dead man’s body on the way, and helped Alissa up from the floor. She patted her belly self consciously, like trying to reassure herself her child was unharmed.
Sherlock just nodded and stepped into the greenish flames. John followed him quickly. One of Mycroft’s sitting rooms appeared in front of him. Sherry was fussing over Mycroft’s suit, dusting his trouser legs. Mummy was holding Victor in a tight embrace, before pulling off from him and slapping his arm.
“Ten. We can take fewer, but not more than that.”
Sensing this was the only moment of privacy he was going to get with Sherlock in some time, John decided to speak.
"Because she just did John, Mycroft is going to back her campaign. She is going to run unopposed. With that, and Harry Potter as her successor as Head of Magical Law Enforcement, the woman will win in a landslide."
“Where?”
Tessa Carstairs/Grey/Herondale is a warlock, born of a Shadowhunter (not marked) and a demon. She is the only known warlock to have offspring. Her current partner is the former silent brother Jem Carstairs.
“You observe, but you don’t see Sherlock.”
Sherlock winced at that last comment, but then the mask carefully reappeared.
"You shouldn't blame your brother for his twin's choices, Sherlock."
Sherlock and Victoria were standing side by side near the wall, talking in hushed voices. Victoria still had the red-rimmed eyes and looked caffeine deprived.
He was eyeing John’s muggle clothing with disapproval, and John couldn’t resist it. He didn’t even bother to contradict Roman that they, well, were not a couple. He wasn’t even sure at this point if that was even true.
Everyone was looking as weary as John felt, everyone except Victor, that is. The man looked like he was rebooted instead of obliviated.
“And I love you, Sherlock.”
“Victor. Hole.”
They all managed to land on their feet, and they appeared into Mary’s empty room, in which a distraught Gabrielle Delacour was sitting on the chair John used just that morning.
took me to visit."
"We can leave now. I don't think the rest of the memory would yield as much information as this bit. The murder was so straightforward that it leaves no place for deduction, no place for further investigation. But it let us have a good look at Moran's new body."
