“Shut your mouth!” Balthazar turns on him again, his own mouth hanging open. “You were going the medical route? That’s a hell of a one eighty you’ve done there.”
pets, Cas. Not mine, and not Dean’s. You’re going to be the one taking care of them and they’re going to depend on
Cas looks up from cutting Dean’s wrists free. He looks him over once, twice, and a slight flush rises in his cheeks. “I don’t have anything extra with me, but I can text Charlie and Sam to bring something.”
situation until the damn things are drained again.
reason. Castiel shakes his head and sniffles again, rubbing at his cheeks to get rid of the evidence. It’s been a long,
She looks unsure. “An okay secret?”
Oddly enough, Dean doesn’t seem to mind that Castiel has killed a few of his kin over the course of the war. They’re memories that Castiel despises and it makes his stomach turn every time he thinks about how he’s killed – even if it was to save his own life or the life of one of his colony-kin. Death is apparently so ingrained in the fang-fin culture that grudges over it aren’t held for long – if at all. It is not the same for the bright-fin and Castiel is a little less forgiving. He’s not sure if he’ll ever be able to forgive Dean for the lives that he’s taken, but it does help to know that Dean wasn’t aware of the entire situation and that he was only doing what he thought he had to do.
. It’s rarely just two of the three of them. They’re even sharing a motel room. He could never ask Sam to give them some space, but what kind of privacy could they achieve with him around all the time?
He flashes a bright grin at him. “See? You don’t even have to tense your legs or anything. I’ll do all the work for you.”
. If Dean gets mad at him for saying anything about them, he’s going to have
Flying (or gliding) does give him a bit of a rush. It’s something he could get used to, and he finally understands adrenaline junkies. However, it’s not really something Castiel
’, Dean knows he means
the room. Castiel takes the chance to stare at the ceiling and take as many deep breaths as he possibly can. He’s shaking from his nerves in the same way that he hasn’t been since the first time Dean took him to bed. This is – this is exhilarating. Dean is going to
“All the better. That’s my baby over there.” He nods across the parking lot to the only two reserved spots. In one of them is a big black car with chrome finishes. It looks older, but not being a car person, Lisa has no idea what it is. Dean must notice because he laughs and pats her on the shoulder. “That’s a 1967 Chevy Impala. Belonged to my dad, and I’ve been maintaining it myself for
wanna see.”
” She pauses and huffs. “
we’re not one of those couples.”
and they both pull away with matching looks of disgust. Dean’s expression dissolves into laughter and he shuffles Castiel out of the way to wash the shampoo out of his hair.
because it’s almost like having a spidey-sense.
- masturbation
instead of as just a hobby? There would be so much he’d have to learn for it though. Composition, lighting, balance, and more.
When Dean takes his duffle bag to the living room, he takes the small suitcase with Castiel’s work things with him. He returns a few moments later, and stops in the doorway with a frown. “Cas?”
and Castiel shuts that down with an elbow to the side.
After a moment, Pam waves her fork in the air. “Remind me to issue a memo to all the teachers. I got a vision about that Gabriel guy when I was entering his file. He’s got a wicked sense of humour
That makes everyone except for the older female wince. She continues to stare at Castiel coolly, as if her expression were set in stone. How much death and bloodshed has she seen to not be affected by something like that? It’s disgusting and Castiel’s snarl is directed just as much towards her as it is the others, including Sam’s brother – wherever he might be.
Dean knew it was coming, but he doesn’t want to hear it any more than he did before. His heart sinks and his hands ball into fists at his side. There’s a quick flash of sadness that pulses through the kin-connection before walls get drawn up around Cas’s mind. It makes Dean feel moderately better – but not by much – to know that Cas is apparently unhappy about this too. Now the question remains; how
bedroom windows. Maria was the one with the master bedroom and Dean caught one too many glimpses of saggy naked old lady body to last him a lifetime. It was like accidentally peeping on his
took a shot at it.
It’s not surprisingly, really. Castiel told him at the beginning of the last school year about his set up. He never bothered to tell him that everything was basically the same this year, just in a different building. “My textbooks are in my locker in the main building and I have my laptop with me.”
transcribing done today and – and he has no idea what they’re doing this afternoon.
It doesn’t take long for that to happen, given the angle he’s in. Luckily, Castiel is more than willing to let his jaw go slack. Dean quickly catches onto his plan and starts moving his hips instead, shallowly rocking into his mouth. After that, it’s only a matter of a few minutes before he’s satisfied. He pulls Castiel back up to kiss him again. It’s quick, dirty, and over
Sam runs a hand through his hair and glances back at the other three. A trickle of remorse swirls around his words. He’s
Sam has the shotgun out now, grip tight on the stalk. “You see that, Dean?” He tilts his head to the knotted root of a tree twisting out of the water. Just barely visible over the waterline, in a hole carved into the root, is a human skull. There’s another matching one on the other side of the river.
God, he’s going to
“In most places, yes.” Her shadow leans over the edge of the balcony and Castiel turns his head to look up at her. “But Garth warns you that he’s a hugger. It’s one of the first things he says when he hires someone or meets new patients. Anyone who doesn’t like it can just tell him and he won’t do it.” She smiles down at them. “He’s just a sweet kid.”
A disappointed edge curls around Dean’s thoughts, but he still circles Castiel with his arms and leans into him.
Any conversation that Castiel has with Dean after that is mostly just casual observation while they’re doing their own business. They don’t actually run into each other this time – at least not yet. Castiel is certain that he catches sight of Dean at some point on the edges of his echoes, but the shape of the tail is gone by the time he turns to confirm. It was a brief moment of disappointment, and then he moved on. He should be plenty satisfied with being able to talk to Dean in his mind. He doesn’t
He sighs and squeezes her shoulders.
Castiel is almost tempted to tease him with the prospect of his
. Dean lets out a slow hiss of air; not even realizing he had been holding his breath. He fires off a couple finger guns as he backs away from the desk. “That’s – uh – that’s great. We’ll make arrangements on our lunch breaks, I guess. Gotta get back before Charlie decides to keelhaul me.”
The knowledge that he’s so loved by the Winchesters warms Castiel heart more than they’ll ever know. He ducks his head to hide how his face feels like it’s getting hot. If they haven’t noticed already, then they probably will soon. Castiel covers it more by mumbling a thank you and going to his bed to dig out some pajamas.
Dean. But he knows he won’t be – not like he wants to be, at least. Castiel is happy to have this, but he’s always going to want more. He’s going to want
It would be nice to hang out with him, but he can’t imagine that a movie would distract him from his thoughts much. Castiel looks down at his phone again before putting it aside. He’ll have to try and get past this until Dean gets home and they can talk again. “I think I’ll try and get some studying done. I have a paper coming up that I need to do some research for before I start writing it.”
Castiel steps back from the curtain to take a moment and
it answered before he can do even think of doing anything. His hands shake slightly and Castiel crosses his arms to keep it from showing. He straightens his back and raises his shoulders slightly, doing his best not to curl in on himself like he's wanted to do for weeks.
“Yeah, I barely remembered who you were before we moved out here.” She sighs and the smile she turns on Castiel is rather sappy. “And now we spend so much time together that you’re like a brother.”
hard for Dean to hold still right now.
“Aw, does that mean we’re not going to be competitive?” Anna drops back into her chair with a pout and crosses her arms. “But I like kicking your asses! I’m so
If Dean was anyone else, he would have already challenged Sammy to a fight to the death for this level of betrayal of both him and the colony. He’s angry, sure. In fact, he’s downright
“Five years is hardly a
Castiel stares up at the ceiling and the streaks of light painted across it, caused by the streetlamps peeking through his curtains. There’s a weird, tense feeling sitting at the base of his throat. It’s uncomfortable and wrong and it’s making his whole body itch. He tried closing his eyes and breathing the feeling away, but it didn’t work. In fact, it might have made it
. And he hates it. He wants to believe in what he knows and he wants to be able to trust Dean about this – and about everything.
Victor knocks his arm-fin against Dean’s as he gets even with him.
But that doesn’t mean he’s not going to tease the fuck out of him for it.
After a moment of indecision, Castiel spreads his hands in a display. “Do – Do you like me wearing the skirt?” If he could get some kind of compliment on it, then perhaps he might consider using the skirt again in the future.
The bathroom is a unisex single toilet room. Dean pushes him through first and locks the door behind them. Castiel has no idea what’s going to happen, but there are very few reasons why
between them today, but does that mean that Dean has to
“Both of you should shush and help set up for the dinner we’re all going to eat.” Castiel huffs. “I’m the birthday boy. Why am
“Don’t worry. I turned the timer off when you fell on your face.” Sam joins them with a laugh and a hearty clap to Castiel’s shoulders that nearly sends him to his knees, especially now that the adrenaline is starting to wear off and he’s starting to feel like he could sleep for a year. “But you did a good job! We didn’t tell you before, but most students don’t even finish the course on their first try.”
“It’s either that, or I’m going to be falling asleep right here.” He huffs a laugh that turns into yet another yawn, making it what has to be the fifth in as many minutes.
he has for him. He's not going to make the mistake of not telling Dean how he feels. Not again. Not if it risks losing him forever.
what it was he did, since that was something Sam found with the help of Cas) and the creature pulled a Wicked Witch of the West.
That’s not exactly an answer and Castiel sighs. “You have one more chance to get up.” He punctuates his warning by gently nuzzling his nose into Dean’s hair.
.” Sam drops heavily into the space next to him.
Castiel reaches out to take Dean’s hands in his. Through the kin-connection, he touches lightly at the walls in Dean’s mind.
“What are we having?”
That doesn’t require much thought. “Back.”
touching you.”
and his head feels overwhelmed from so much socializing. All he wants now is to febreeze his clothes, take a long hot shower, and crawl into bed so he can sleep without having to wonder whether or not Dean is going to come home tonight. Everyone has come to the terms that he is likely going to take a party as an excuse to drink more than he’s let himself have at once in months. That would have made the chances of Dean coming home exponentially higher than the possibility of sex with someone else. That being said, Castiel really isn’t expecting to find him sitting on the couch when he walks in, still dressed in his LARP costume and drinking a glass of water.
things – that they could try? There are several leather or latex outfits included in certain kinds of BDSM play that they could try. They look interesting, but not very comfortable and aren’t exactly along the lines of the skirt. That’s something Dean already likes, and Castiel would like to work along a linear progression before jumping to something like that.
“Is it
Castiel shakes his head. He’s already got his binder on and he doesn’t want to have to go through the effort of not only taking it off, but keeping it off so he doesn’t smudge the ink before it dries. After a moment, he takes off his t-shirt and points to a space on the left side of his stomach, just under his ribs. “Here is fine.”
red. He stares him down for a few moments before pushing away from the desk completely. “You’ve destroyed my concentration. We should take a break before getting back to it.” He stands up and rolls his shoulders. “Do you want to make out before we go get pie?”
“No, I don’t.” He sighs and rests his chin on his hand, elbow propped on the desk. “What is it?”
that even Anna caught on after just one mention of it.
They’ve been ignoring the elephant in the room (or, technically, in the conversation) every time he’s texted, called, or video-chatted with Dean this past month. It still looms over Castiel’s head, and he has definitely thought about it
It’s likely about the fifth time that Dean has asked that, but Castiel doesn’t find it annoying in the least. In fact, judging by the annoyed huff from the couch, it’s Sam and Jess who find Dean’s concern to be irritating. At this point, Castiel just finds it endearing. In fact, he might be dragging his heels at getting ready just so he can be around for Dean insistence at being the one to bring him home later. He absolutely will not accept the offer, but he does really like hearing it.
His anger over all of this must be leaking into the kin-connection because Balthazar swims over and wraps his arms around Castiel’s shoulders in a tight hug.
Needless to say, Mary isn’t the only one that has been in need of this adjustment period.
and rather bulky.
? Why in the world would you trust me? You don’t even
time, it is
Dean Winchester, Castiel, Benny Lafitte (briefly)
Maybe, if he ever truly gets sick of how things are, then Castiel might put actual effort into trying to gather an exploration party. He doesn't exactly count the groups that will go out and patrol the colony's entire territory as
He hadn’t been expecting that, even if it is the most logical conclusion.
Teen & Up (for language), Alternate Universe - canon divergence (sorta), pre-relationship, Dean's got it bad, and only Sam knows it
“No, mon cher, he does not.” The frustration starts creeping into her voice again. “He had quite a bit to say about that and don’t ask me to repeat any of it, because I won’t. It wasn’t proper of him.” That is not the greatest of signs, but it’s about what was expected.
And, truthfully, even Jess’s thoughts are strained with how tired she is. They all could do with a good night’s rest.
He turns his suspicious squint on Anna. Knowing her, she probably has something to do with this. “
?” Dean turns as Cas passes by him. “What the hell is up with singing
child.
“Ain’t brothering no one.” The old man – Bobby, apparently – picks up the tankard and downs half the contents in a few quick gulps. He lowers it and eyes Castiel closely. “Am I?”
Castiel stops towel drying his hair and raises an eyebrow at his reflection in the mirror. “Did you?” He turns away, not liking the sight of himself right now. “You didn’t leave a reason for you call.”
, and I already enchanted your axe again.”
Dean kisses the back of his head shortly before patting him on his ass to push him forward a step. “Go get comfortable. I’m going to go get supper started.”
to go to dinner with you some time.”
“Knock yourself out, Cas.” Dean leans back against the side of the Impala and crosses his ankles. “We’ll let Baby warm up while you have your moment.”
“Mr. Winchester.” He clears his throat again. “Please pay attention.”
This can’t be right. Did Castiel somehow slip into an alternate reality? How is
Castiel is practically vibrating after that, bouncing from one foot to the other. “That was fun!”
It’s all Castiel can do to frown at him and not cause a scene in the kitchen. He sighs and closes the dishwasher with a snap. “Fine. What time tonight and where are we going?”
tired to nap through everyone filling up the bookcase and making dinner. Of the five shelves on the bookcase, which stands taller than Sam, the bottom two are now almost completely full of Dean’s favourite books. But it’s the other shelves that catches his attention.
happier than has been since their arrangement starting – and especially since he switched majors. The last few weeks have been rough, of course, but it’s not like that’s going to be a normal thing between them. Since
as the grating rumble becomes a screech. It’s enough to make Castiel’s side-fans narrow and flatten against his head in an attempt to block the sound out. He even puts his hands over them because Dean just keeps
with one of the mechanics. If you two were actually dating, I probably wouldn’t have had to use as much sweet talking as I did.”
“Excuse me?”
He isn’t disappointed.
. Why the hell wouldn’t we look for him?”
my firsts.”
And they actually are, despite Sam being weird and all.
Is it really just because they happened to be nearby and Dean decided to spend his birthday here? And why
Ms. Reid hasn’t been nearly as forward with Castiel as Ms. Maggie has been to Dean. He can understand his frustrations, though. Ms. Reid has been far more subtle with her flirtations. While Castiel was gifted with a pie last week, it was just a personal-sized one. She also brought in a tray of cupcakes that she left in the teacher’s lounge for everyone else, as if she was trying to make it look like she wasn’t singling him out. Little does she know that Dean was the one who ate the pie later on.
“Dean –” Castiel chokes out his name, his throat feeling far too raw for how little he’s actually said. “Please –” Why are words so hard to form? He twists to look over his shoulder, fighting to focus on Dean’s face and hoping that his expression will be able to communicate where he feels like his words aren’t doing the job. “
“Perks of being a big brother.” Dean shrugs and pours himself another glass. “You sure you don’t want any of this, Cas? Maybe if I give you enough, it’ll start working on you…”
driven for half the morning, so Castiel didn’t fault him for that.
him. It was Castiel’s first kiss and Dean just took it. A
Anna perks up and she looks hopefully between Aunt Amara and Castiel. “Can we have a sleepover?”
. Just enough to hold his hand out with just two fingers extended. Cas’s gaze drops to them and his mouth opens just slightly as he takes a sharp breath. The tension eases out of his body and he steps forward. Instead of meeting Dean’s fingers in a Vulcan version of a kiss, Cas knocks his fingers aside, hooks a too warm hand around the back of his neck, and pulls him in to meet him for a proper Human-style kiss.
. There’s really nothing better than having Cas here in his hollow and within arm’s reach.
looming in the very near future.
“Y’don’t think I
.” Sam shrugs and accepts the sandwich that Dean passes to him. “I usually keep an antenna open for hostile feelings. Otherwise, I try to stay out of people’s emotions. Sometimes I pick up on really strong feelings whether I want to or not.” He fidgets with the edges of the sandwich bag before glancing at Castiel. “And your loneliness was too strong to ignore.”
The lights of the boxes under the TV blinking occasionally and Castiel has no idea how long he watches them. Eventually he decides to
of words. But he holds them back to allow the three of them to work out what they believe needs to happen next. Sam shakes his head and touches her shoulder.
about masturbating in front of Dean – or rather,
Dean shrugs and grins when Castiel folds his tail between them to try and push him away.
? There’s nothing he can say that is going to make this look any better than it is. Dean doesn’t even need his echoes to see the bright-fin sitting against the far wall of the cavern. He can see him easy enough with the damn glow he’s giving off, even with Sam and the others trying to block the bright-fin from view. Good luck to them with that. Dean has his sights set on that glowing bastard and he’s going to get him for this.
. And I really do definitely have feelings for you and have wanted to sleep with you since well before I left in the spring.”
Of course, they can’t forget the fact they’re not even at the restaurant yet and Father has already started drinking. Nothing good can come of this. One small saving grace is that Father doesn’t say anything during the long drive to the restaurant. Unsurprisingly, it’s on the more upscale side of the city. Castiel doesn’t even want to see the menu. He’s grown up with money, but he’s certain that even
“Oh?” Dean raises his eyebrow in surprise. “How’s that going to happen?”
Sam glances at the phone, presumably a map, before looking back to Castiel. “There’s more, isn’t there? What else do you have to tell us?”
liked being called Captain, especially after his failed stint as a member of Starfleet. But having Cas call him that, and with that deep voice of his? Oh, but it does send a whole bevy of delightful shivers down his spine.
He would be
Castiel puts his coffee down to grab three plates from the cupboard. “I do, but I like to keep semi-regular business hours.” He places the plates next to Dean before quickly retreating to the other side of the kitchen again. “I usually work at least eight hours per week day and take the weekend off. But sometimes I do more since I get paid per minute of recording that I transcribe, or by the number of words that I edit. I don’t get paid by the number of hours I work.”
Dean watches Castiel the entire time he touches himself. His eyes are hooded and his gaze is burning.
I can.” Dean hits the door again, making it rattle in its frame. “Do you have a fucking death wish? There’s a full moon tonight!”
“This.” Dean gestures at the TV as the first
Castiel swallows thickly and wets his lips. “Yes, I think we can
taste the tang of Dean’s skin, and especially when he squirms slightly; his hips wiggling and his legs spreading just a little wider. If he wasn’t already starting before, Dean is most
“It’s fine, Dean.” Castiel rolls onto his side to face Dean. “I just think it would have made more sense for Anna to share my bed like she usually does whenever the guest room is in use.”
With a deep breath, Castiel straightens his shoulders. He’s made his decision and he can only hope that he won’t end up actually regretting it. “Can we do it again?”
He just barely catches out of the corner of his eye that Sam and Jess share a look before he turns his attention back to his paper. Castiel picks up the pen and starts writing again, his mental word count tabulating while he goes. So far, he’s never been more than a few words off. When he writes essays, he prefers to do the rough copy by hand. Then he edits it, types it up and edits it again for good measure before correcting the digital copy and sending it to his teachers. It might not be the fastest of methods, but it works for him and he’s never gotten anything less than an A+ on one, even here in university.
With that intention in mind, Castiel begins his trek downward. He follows the curve of Dean’s jaw and the line of his neck. Dean shivers under him as he traces the line of his collarbone. He tends to like it a little rougher than Castiel prefers, but a lot of his nerves are all but completely shot due to all the scarring. Scraping his teeth across his skin or sucking
One day Castiel would like to introduce his new friend to his current friends, but he absolutely
Sam picks up on the second ring. “
, but hey? Attention is attention. And there’s more than enough childless adults here to make up for it. The dreamy looks and slight blushes when he turns on his princely charm?
. He told himself he wouldn’t think about that. Not after the weakness he showed during his shower earlier.
Again, his body moves on its own. They haven’t come together like this often, and yet it feels like his body has already been trained in what to do. His hips know to start rocking against Dean’s thigh the moment that Castiel gets forced up onto his toes by Dean’s leg between his own. It feels good enough to draw a gasp out of him, and that gets chased after by a pleased groan. Dean’s teeth catch at his bottom lip before he kisses him again, lightning spreading down his spine.
So, yeah. Dean loves his job. His soulmate, on the other hand, he
His pen pauses. It certainly doesn’t
is not the right word for that. Castiel mostly grins and bears his way through them, happy to be just speaking to Dean even if the content isn’t exactly his most favourite of conversations.
do that?”
“Luring me in with food, Cas?” He laughs and pops his door open. “You know me
Dean doesn’t even hesitate. He digs his fingers between the long feathers and rakes his nails along the thin skin buried beneath them. Castiel can’t help a quiet groan, because it feels
How he manages to fall asleep in the end is unknown, but Castiel wakes up with a jolt to the morning light filling the living room. It takes him a moment to realize that the sound that woke him was the front door closing.
the time. “I’ll accept your apology on one condition.”
. If he doesn’t want to be sneered at by half the colony anymore, he needs to do what he’s told and be damn good at it.
“I can’t believe it
we buy a house, okay?”
he’s feeling like this. Does he understand the longing for his siblings that Castiel has twisted into every strand of that despair?
“At least the power hasn’t gone out.” Sam props the broom against the wall and comes to join him. “Good thing, too. I wouldn’t want to listen to Dean bitch about –”
The last thing he needs is to start getting turned on by Dean. He’s going to fight
know for certain after the last few days of educating himself. He hasn’t felt any romantic feelings for anyone that he hasn’t already developed an emotional connection with. Granted, his emotional connection to his pen pal was tenuous at best, but he did have slight crush on them then. And his emotional connection to Dean is nothing more than friendship – with a possible crush that shouldn’t even exist in the first place. If their friendship actually does continue to flourish (as he hopes it will), Castiel has his fingers crossed that his crush won’t go haywire and develop into any full blown romantic feelings.
And it is taking
you two are.” The last thing he does before it cuts to the next clip is stick his tongue out.
he will not stop singing. If Dean wants him to stop, he needs to use the kin-connection to ask him. Once they have that, Castiel can get to work with helping open Dean’s eyes to the evils of his Council. He’ll do what all the rebels haven’t been able to do for a whole season.
Just like before, Castiel isn’t expecting to enjoy the act of giving a blow job as much as he does receiving. It’s almost like a power trip and he has those so rarely that this could be dangerously addicting – especially where Dean is concerned. And of course the feeling only gets worse as Dean continues to run his hands through Castiel’s hair, sometimes simply petting and sometimes actually gripping it. Every tug is a bolt of lightning down Castiel’s spine and it could very well bring him to a second erection – if that were at all possible right now.
Sam takes two steps towards Dean’s bedroom door before he turns around and comes back to the end of the bed. “Oh! I almost forgot to tell you; I got a text from Jess this morning. She’s throwing a party on campus tonight to celebrate the end of most exams.” He grins and shoves his hands in the front pouch of his hoodie. “I think it’s her excuse to stop studying for her last exam for just one night.”
When Dean pulls him into a hug, Castiel doesn’t try to break away from that either. He’s too stunned to react, actually. Even so, this is a hug from Dean and those always have the most calming effect imaginable on Castiel. He sags into the hug, trying his best to ignore the fact that they’re both naked. If he could, he’d drag Dean right back to the bed and their hug could continue there.
wasn’t as awesome as everyone makes him out to be. That was followed with the movie being paused and a half hour of Castiel’s life wasted.
It’s easier when Dean is there to chat his ear off, or when Sam comes along too and they end up arguing about what goes in the cart – making Castiel play as the tie breaker. When Anna joins them, the fun only doubles and there’s no time to even
He shrugs and tilts his head with a smile. “Yeah, well, you two looked cold.” Sam laughs and flicks his hands at them in a quick shooing motion. “I’ll see you both later and I expect good news.”
Satisfied when no one complains, Dean picks out his own spot – directly in front of the path to the falls, but not fully blocking it – and starts setting up his tent. With his out of the way, he’ll be able to focus on helping the others set up. In the meantime, they can find their own spots, relax, use the bathroom, and marvel at the beauty of the natural world.
The kin-connection sobers immediately and Dean ducks his head.
if one of his brothers is going. And that means that Dean is going to see him tomorrow in full view of his own Council and he’s going to have to pretend like he doesn’t know him. But this whole thing
Rather than admit that she is, Charlie just makes a slow slide to the other side of the booth in the most conspicuous manner ever. She clearly her throat and tilts her head in his direction again. “Incoming.”
It takes Dean a few moments to remember that particular conversation. His memory for details isn’t quite as spot on as Castiel’s is. “But you said –” He pauses and Castiel can practically
Castiel tries to keep his disappointment from showing as he lifts his arms. He remains looking at the ground, until his view is obscured with Dean’s chest as he steps in close. Too close. Castiel holds his breath as Dean reaches behind him to unzip the back of his shirt where it connects under his wings. He quickly follows that up with undoing the button holding the collar of the shirt together around his neck; movements short and precise.
Castiel presses a kiss into his hair. “You know I would never think that about you or any of your ideas.” Even the ones that really are dumb; though those are few and far between.
’ – as he so fondly refers to those who work in the kitchen with him?
“He’s deep woods today.” She shakes her head and taps the clipboard. “Escorting that Boy Scout troop and giving them the four-one-one on everything, because you know how he is.”
“Oh, nothing.” He shrugs and looks away when Castiel turns to meet his eyes. “Just wondering things.”
kiss him after that? How could he not push forward until they’re stumbling over their feet and collapsing into the nearest bed? Whatever happens today will happen, but they’re both definitely not going to be making it to their classes.
Castiel smothers a laugh under his hand. “Thank you, Dean. I appreciate that.”
, but what if Cas says no? What if Cas gets fed up with him and they part on a worse note than that kiss? Nope, Dean is
As expected, there’s a gift card to Amazon, but Anna always gets him such a nice greeting card. This time it’s a sentimental one meant for a brother, and that alone very nearly brings a tear to Castiel’s eye. He gets up to give her a hug and presses a kiss to the top of her head.
He leans his hip against the counter and crosses his arms. “I don’t want to go. I didn’t work yesterday and I need to –”
Castiel rolls his eyes and steps out of the hug. “Well now that I know those are going to be crocodile tears… I don’t think so.” But if Dean is cracking jokes, then he must be feeling better.
easy to miss the target. It’s not a police badge, and hardly even looks like one. Bounty hunters also aren’t really an authority, but this is an
The anger seeps out of him and he cups Dean’s face between his hands; leaning in to pepper his face with soft kisses, the first to his lips. “Amazing.” And then the corner of his mouth. “I don’t care what my father says about you.” His cheek. “He doesn’t know you.” His forehead. “He doesn’t know how much I was struggling with being in a public school for the first time.” One eye-lid. “He doesn’t know that I had no friends before you talked to me.” And then the other.
to move again.
a walk in the park.
Castiel shakes his head. “I
Castiel takes his time with working along it. Eventually, he follows it down to Dean’s cheek, then along his jaw, and finally to his lips. The kiss he plants there is long and slow and contains every little trick that Castiel has learned how to do over their seasons together. When he’s satisfied with the kiss, he pushes himself up on his hand to catch his breath. The heat is curling fast and hot in his belly all from something as simple as a
Castiel closes his eyes and shakes his head. He can’t. He
A butterfly of heat flutters around Castiel’s heart and he can’t help but smile. “That’s very romantic of you, Benny. I’m sure she’s going to love it.”
While Dean does have a point, there’s something glaringly apparent that he appears to be missing. “I hate to point out the obvious, but you still can.”
Castiel sighs and drops his head back onto the pillow. He waves a thumbs up at the door before turning back and cuddling back Dean’s heat. The best boyfriends are living furnaces and Castiel can never get enough of how warm he is. It’s
He shakes his head, firm in his decision. “My dad would never forgive me if I charged his sister rent on top of everything else, especially when I know that you wouldn’t be able to afford buying the house outright.” Pleased with himself, he sits back and smiles. “This way, you’ll own the house eventually and it still remains in the family. I fully trust that you’ll both take care of the place.”
Then he’s pulling back to lick his hand again and this time when he reaches down, he takes the both of them in hand. Dean damn near
like Martin. A lot. He rests his forehead against the steering wheel and shakes his head. “This isn’t just
“What?” She looks up from her phone with a frown. “It’s not even one o’clock in the afternoon.”
“Is it – is it alright if I spent the rest of the night here?” Castiel asks with a smile, already knowing what the answer might be. But he’d like to get some manner of confirmation before he really gets settled.
“Is he –” Castiel pauses and swallows. His lips feel dry and he licks them. “Is he new?”
All Castiel can manage is a happy hum as he squeezes the pillow. He’s more than happy to do that again. In the end, the power of his nap wins over and takes him away with the distant sound of the shower running. Castiel isn’t sure how long he’s been sleeping, but the scent of supper wakes him. He sits up and rubs at his eyes; muffling a yawn under one hand while he looks around. Sam is standing in the kitchen with his back to the living room, and otherwise Dean is not in sight.
“Well, it might be nice to disappear to someplace where no one knows me from Adam.” Dean ignores the little stab of pain behind his ribs at the idea of leaving Cas behind. “But this is the digital age, so we can still text and Skype and all that. And if you ever want to travel with me, or come visit, you’d always be welcome.”
Dean licks his lips and nods. “Yeah, I am.” He swallows audibly and twists his hands in his lap. “Y’know, I meant what I said earlier. I’m ready for more.” He glances up through his lashes. “I mean, if you’re – uh – interested? I totally get it if you’re not. This was never part of the – and I’m just a – and I’ve been –”
“Let – shit, hold on. I’m going to – I’ll ask him. Hold please.” Dean wastes no time with fumbling and dropping his phone before her turns to start glaring at Castiel again. “You’re the fucking
“If that’s what you would prefer.” Castiel shrugs, but he offers Dean a soft smile. They discussed the possibility of going for a walk, but it wasn’t set in stone. He would like it if they did, though.
Cas still bounces from foot to foot, ready and waiting for Dean to make his next move.
“Not a problem!”
that’s the problem, certainly. Castiel couldn’t care less about clothes or freckled skin littered with barely noticeable scars from a lifetime of hunting.
to convince the colony that this is what happened, and he doesn’t have many options left to him to do that. Fine, okay. He’ll give it a shot. If it fails, it’s so not his fault.
“I’ve made a lot of progress lately.” He settles on his chair once the flowers are arranged to his liking. “I went to a
Castiel rolls his eyes and drops his arms, unable to keep up the pretense anymore. “Of
“You flatterer.” Dean chuckles and actually
feel a sense of accomplishment. Especially when he creates another new contact and saves Sam’s number next. This is a step in the right direction. And maybe the next time he goes to try to send a message, he might actually be able to hit send.
But they’re just going to talk, right? He doesn’t have to do this if he doesn’t want to. Right now, he’s just exploring the idea of
He’s not going to fool himself into thinking that this is more than just physical attraction. For now. Castiel wants to learn more about him and then – Well, who knows? It might peter out into nothing, or it might be
When Cas comes back with the water, he leans against the wall beside Dean as he drinks it. “You know, I think you’re too hard on yourself.”
what it feels like to be alone without the kin-connection and he’s completely sympathetic to that feeling. He might not like Dean very much for everything that he just tried to do, but the empty feeling without the kin-connection is a feeling he wouldn’t wish on even the worst of his enemies. Besides, Castiel might be angry with Dean and the rest of the fang-fin, but he can’t bring himself to be
Things just got a lot more serious.
As he approaches the side door to the garage, tucked away under the stairs to the apartment, the voices are much clearer and he can tell that it’s Dean and Sam arguing. He hesitates for a moment, but decides that it would be best to stop them from yelling at one another. Whatever they’re fighting about can be discussed with level heads like the adults they are.
“My scars were hurting.” Dean shrugs and rolls his shoulders.
. He adds more lube, and keeps up the pattern that sets Castiel’s brain on
Castiel’s choice to rarely keep alcohol in his house is for a very good reason. He has fought
he had to get facial hair before Dean.
in between mouthfuls of flowers.
. So, just in case, Castiel is going to have to consult his list. Maybe he’ll even do some research. He’ll watch some of Dean’s porn for some new ideas and make a plan while trying to get the weekend off. It would be nice to do something with his collar again. He’s been itching to wear it again. That would be nice.
.” Dean is at his side in a heartbeat, crouching with hovering hands because he’s afraid to touch and find out that he might have broken something in the poor guy. “Are you okay? I’m
Lisa laughs as she rearranges the boxes per Castiel’s suggestion. Her voice is slightly muffled through the car. “Dean got the keys to the new place this morning, but we haven’t brought anything over yet. There’s a whole apartment to move still.” She flashes him a grin through the windows. “You’re here just in time for all the heavy lifting.”
She flushes darkly again as she shuffles into the room, hands twisting at the hem of her cardigan. “I – um – I was just wondering if you’re free to have lunch with me today?”
involved.
“Let’s check on that heart rate, huh?” Dean slips his hand down to Castiel’s throat and lays a few fingers against his pulse. “Oh, good. It’s going down. You’re doing awesome, bud.”
Even though they’re fang-fin and his captors, they’re still living and breathing fin-kin. They have the kin-connection and they go out of their way to come here daily to make the links with him. Castiel doesn’t care that the only reason they come is to learn about the truth of the war and to use his ability to strategize against the Council. That alone is obscenely difficult if only because he doesn’t actually know much of anything about the Council.
someone for a photo opportunity. “I solemnly swear that I will
is Dean’s last name. Really, though, that wouldn’t have been too hard to look up. If he
it, in all ways.
Castiel shrugs and turns his back to Dean. He puts one arm through the strap of the binder and tucks his wings tightly to his back. There’s still some hesitation on Dean’s part when he takes the binder and stretch it over top of his wings. His touch is gentle as he helps fit his arm through the other strap. From that point, Castiel is able to mostly finish it up himself. He does up the clasps in the front and then reaches back to pull it into proper place.
Dean Winchester, Sam Winchester, Castiel
Dean only gets a few feet into the apartment before Sam comes around the corner. He has his gym bag in his arms and he’s focused completely on zipping it closed. It doesn’t even look like he’s noticed that they’re there. Or rather, at least not until Dean speaks.
Castiel makes a silent prayer as he takes the stairs up to their apartment. He hopes that Dean and Lisa will be happy, but he begs anyone who will listen that if Lisa does move in, they’ll both learn a little decency. There are plenty of other times throughout the week that they could have sex instead. Otherwise, he’ll have to confront someone about it and he really hopes that he doesn’t have to.
He takes his time with cleaning things while Dean putters around the kitchen.
“Answer it.” Castiel stands up with more aches and pains then he cares for. “I’ll finish getting ready.”
“So, comedy runs in the family, huh?” Oh good, Dean’s smooth wit and charm is coming back. He just needed to be on his feet for longer. But that’s still not going to stop him from being an idiot, probably.
Swearing under his breath, Dean drops his head to his shoulder. Castiel groans, leaning his head against Dean’s. He hadn’t spared a thought for Sam at all when he decided to come here. In fact, he had assumed that he was sleeping. But that was – God, how long ago was it?
Sam groans loudly from down the hall. “Aw, c’mon! I’ve gotta leave for work in an hour. There’s no way you’ll have a steak ready in time.”
“I watched over the two of you much as I did today.” Amarok shrugs and crosses his arms; leaning a hip against the altar. “I tried leading you to my altar then too, but your father stopped you from getting this far. If I had succeeded, maybe I would have had worshipers to visit me again.”
He forces his breathing to remain even as he steps up to the window. The curtains are sheer enough that he can see outside but it’s hard to see inside. Castiel just wants to confirm that it really is the Impala and he’s not about to be confronted with someone he wasn’t expecting.
has problems with personal space.
Dean snorts once in an attempt not to laugh, and then does. A lot. He turns into Cas to hide his laughter in his hair; throwing a leg over Cas’s legs. “Gimme an hour, a sandwich, and I promise I’ll show you a good time after.”
And then the smile is gone – though it’s still there in Dean’s eyes. His mouth can’t show it any more as he lifts his head and does what Castiel has yet to manage, taking his dick almost to the root and swallowing around him. In the same instance, Dean pushes his fingers deep. It’s just what Castiel wanted and he lets Dean know how much he appreciates that with another shameless cry. He drops his hand from the wall to Dean’s hair, gripping it out of habit (
happened at the garage today, or Dean is mad with
Castiel sits heavily on the edge of his bed and stares at the two bags. There really isn’t any better time than now to go with them. Dean explicitly said that they were going to be heading back to Sioux Falls after leaving here so they can swap out their clothing, drop off some things that they’ve bought during their travels, and to check in with Bobby and Pamela. They’re actually going
“Gabriel has told us quite a bit about your roo – about your boyfriend.” Mother sighs softly, but he can’t find any hint of admonition in her voice.  Castiel does, however, make a mental note to have a stern talk with Gabriel later on. “I believe he has told us everything he knows about him.” A
and that is the exact opposite of what Castiel wants. And just because it’s a
He’s just going to get mad and blame Dean, or he’ll blame Castiel for going getting swept up in tonight too. But there’s no one to
. I see right through your –” He jerks away from their frame when the first gray bolo set comes whipping over, missing the frame completely. Castiel glares at Anna and she just grins; impatiently wiggling the other two bolos at her side.
pretentious beyond all reason or religious to the point of fanaticism. If he did stumble across someone who didn’t assume their parents’ money or their religion made them better than everyone else, that person never remained like that for long. Castiel might accept and respect anyone’s religious choices, but he doesn’t particularly like being preached to when he doesn’t share the same beliefs.
“I believe we both should be naked for this, should we not?” Cas looks up at him, fingers stroking up his bare ankle and slipping beneath the hem of his jeans. “Or should we outline what it is we plan to do right now?”
Now that he’s done with everything, he’s not entirely sure what he should do. He returns to the bedroom to check the time, and it’s not even nine o’clock yet. Dean has rearranged how he’s sleeping, spread out on his belly like a starfish. Castiel moves around the room on his tiptoes, trying his hardest not to make a sound as he places the lube and the dildo box on the bed. He places the cockring on the nightstand since he’s not completely sure whether or not he’s going to need it again. If he does, he’d like to have it within easy reach.
Cas spares a glance at Sam. “Did you find anything like that when you looked in her room?”
When he turns back to Dean, it’s to find a soft, almost sweet smile directed his way. It’s the kind of smile that makes his chest feel tight, even more so than the binder does. He has to look away again, or he’ll end up staring.
They go in through the front door today and Castiel follows Dean’s lead of not taking off his shoes. Of course, they do pause to scuff them considerably on the mat just inside the door. Dean doesn’t let go of his hand and leads him through into the living room area. Unsurprisingly, Bobby is sitting at his desk again and Castiel tries
After a moment of Pam clicking through the available choices, trying to find her movie while ignoring the death glares Bobby keeps shooting her, Dean leans forward sharply and plucks the remote from her hand. “Actually, Cas is the guest so
him. That was just completely unacceptable and he couldn’t let his father get away with it.
Michael asks, but Castiel can already feel the defeat in his words. Even the youngest of children can see that these fang-fin have gone mad. No one is going to be able to talk them out of these plans. This is what they came here for.
about him like that?
With his eyes adjusted to the darkness, he watches as Dean heads to the closet by the front door where he gets Castiel's coat
“Bingo.” Dean winks at him and brings his hand to his lips, pressing a quick kiss to his knuckles before letting it go. “You have a picture to reference if you’re not sure it’s him. If we’re not with him, take him down.”
currently playing. Castiel has watched it about three times now, but he keeps restarting it to certain places to make sure that he’s following the instructions properly. He can see that the message is from Dean, and that’s cause to pause the video.
“Great.”
The school year is coming to a close in the next month and exams will be starting next week, though his own are most packed into the last two weeks of the period. This is the last week of classes and then he has a couple where he can study until his brain bleeds out his ears. Hopefully doing nothing but studying for the next few weeks will keep his mind off Dean. And he can only cross his fingers and pray that his grades haven’t been affected in the slightest by the last month of intense hormonal distractions.
in his attempts to pull them out with pliers. “I don’t need an instruction manual to put together a
He really needs to teach Dean to type like he’s not a fourteen year old girl. Castiel sighs and puts his phone aside and looks up from his laptop. “Sam?” Hopefully he won’t have to raise his voice much louder than this. He doesn’t like having to shout to get someone’s attention.
going to participate and Castiel tilts his head back into the pillow, delighted. “O-oh! I’m – um –” This feels a little awkward and he drops his voice into a whisper out of habit. “I’m rubbing myself through my pants.”
Castiel is in the midst of enjoying a soup and sandwich that he prepared himself, which is a rare occasion indeed – especially when the Winchesters are visiting. He even went ahead and made a sandwich for Sam to eat with his soup. There was no point in making one for Dean right now because he won’t be back while it’s still fresh.
Dean’s voice is almost singsong when he speaks again; “Try
Rather than dignifying that with an answer, Castiel ducks his head and chews resolutely on his pizza. It has lost its taste on his tongue, and it’s hard to swallow, but he can hardly be blamed for that. Dean has a way of working him up with just a few words. Making him
would have made such astute assumptions about you.”
He doesn’t know how to explain the thoughts and feelings milling about inside of him right now, so Castiel does the next best thing. He opens a portion of his mind to Dean’s curious touch, letting him experience each and every thought Castiel has on this topic in particular.
. He’s seen him wear jeans underneath the apron he used to wear at the café and there was never anything special about them before. So why –
that he can’t say a thing about it to Dean.
It takes some visible effort, but she manages to reign herself in. “Sorry. I’m sorry. I just – you have no idea how validating it is to learn that I was right.” She claps excitedly before shoving her hands in her pockets. “Oh man, when you finally let me tell Sam all about this, I’m going to rub his freaking nose in it so hard.”
Met with silence, Dean licks his lips and glances around the room. He eventually lands on Castiel again, because there’s really nothing else of interest in here. “What’s up?”
thing is news to him.
Cas put out the candles burning around the circle in one
being mad. It gives him an excuse to deal out punishments. As much as Dean likes being punished, Cas likes giving them. That’s why they were so compatible at first. Then they discovered how well they complimented each other in all aspects of their lives and – well, that’s why they got married.
“Let’s grab those pythons on our way out.” Dean hops the back of his seat to drop into it and only winces a little bit at the sting in his shoulder. “We got some way to collect them?”
“Just
“So, if I got this straight, he totally has the hots for you!”
“Turn that frown upside down, honey.” Meg pulls him around to face her. She starts adjusting his clothing and playing with his hair. “You’re cute when you frown, but you look better when you smile and you want Dean to like you, don’t you?”
In fact, he had a video call just this morning with the Winchesters where they wished him a happy birthday. They had been in some motel room God-knows-where, and they spent an
Balthazar’s scandalized horror flares through their link and it only serves to make Castiel’s smile grow even wider.
Shock flashes through the kin-connection so sharply that Dean actually flinches because of it.
As such, Castiel has no problem with calling out again; “Come in.”
Without flinching or even acknowledging the brush, Castiel shakes his head. “I didn’t say that.” It’s honestly the
Charlie opens her mouth, closes it, and opens it again. She presses her lips into a thin line and shakes her head. “Never mind. Just make sure it’s not like that by the end of your shift.”
Again, Cas shrugs. He shifts back and forth slowly and puts all the shells he’s had in his lap aside. Well, isn’t this just a wonderful bag of fish? Now even Dean is having trouble looking at him too. Suddenly his hands are way more interesting than anything else in the cave. Mother-sea, help him, if it’s not possible for him to win Cas’s trust, then what else is he supposed to do?
done!”
His body is satisfied with this evening, but his heart aches behind his ribs. The shower might be able to wash away the sweat and all other evidence of what happened tonight, but it won’t be able to wash away this pain.
“We’re going to have one just in case, okay?” Dean shakes his head and gets this
“Come on, Cas.” Jess grabs his arm and starts dragging him toward the pickup. “I’ll take middle seat. The quicker we get this over with, the sooner we’ll have
Castiel slides that little bit closer on the couch, holding himself back from actually climbing into Dean’s lap. He winds his arms around his shoulders just a bit tighter than before. This should be enough for him, but it’s not. There’s so much more that he wants right now, but he can’t bring himself to ask for it because
Castiel is so enraptured by the cameras that he doesn’t even notice when Dean joins him. It takes a solid jostling of his shoulder to snap him out of his thoughts. His heart stutters in surprise as Dean leans in to look at the camera in his hands. “You interested in photography, Cas?”
Dean laughs and swings after him. He matches Castiel’s speed so they can swim comfortably while still holding hands.
Castiel frowns and reaches out to knock his hand away. He rubs over the same scar. “Well,
sleepy. Castiel pushes himself up onto his hands and knees, being careful not to accidentally press on any sensitive areas. “That would be nice, but I believe I can walk.” His hips don’t hurt all that badly from their early escapades. He has an ache or two here and there, but nothing altogether crippling.
“Uh.” Dean squints at the jar and rubs some of the gunk out of his eyes. “Orzo, I think. Don’t know how long it’s been in there.”
The laughter continues, and that jiggling better stop soon. “Was it as good for you as it was for me?”
Dean swears again and brushes past him, Sam hot on his heels. “Bobby!” He shouts down the stairs and hesitates, waiting for a response. With nothing forthcoming but a few muffled coughs, he starts down the stairs, gun at the ready – just in case. “Bobby? You alright?”
him. We can go to the park alone!”
“I still want to travel before that. Sam wants to do a tour of Europe with his girlfriend, so I’ll probably send them off on that and go do my own thing.” He pauses and subtly steals a glance at Cas. “Though I’d prefer not to go alone.”
A shaky breath gets drawn against his skin as Dean presses his forehead to the back of Castiel’s neck.  “You’d go hide in the bathroom and take care of yourself, right?” He would. “Wish it was me touching you again.” Always. “Fuck, Cas, I could suck bruises all over these wings of yours and you wouldn’t even know they were there.”
is staying too.
and he was fighting for the bright-fin. Chances are, a lot of those guys are feeling super betrayed right now and it’s because they don’t know that their Council were all around
She blinks at him slowly before shifting uncomfortably.
less comfortable to be aroused in jeans.
be happier if he could pull move across the couch and lean against Dean’s side for the rest of the movie – if they ever start it again.
Sam groans and his dislike for both options whips through the kin-connection.
If anything, it might destroy his relationship with his father entirely. Though he wants to reconcile eventually, he just gets angry every time he thinks about what was said when they last saw each other. It infuriates him all over again whenever he recalls what was said about his friends – and about
nine months. It makes his wings shuffle against his back. “
“Thank you for stopping by, Dean. It was nice to see you.” He might not be able to look Dean in the face, but it would be impolite to send a customer off without a proper farewell.
, Cas.” Jess hisses and bumps their shoulders together. “Get on with it!”
It’s difficult not having anything to drink for the whole drive, but he manages it. Otherwise, he’d need to use the washroom and – And he really doesn’t need to go to such lengths to avoid having to get out of the car and deal with talking to Dean face to face.
Castiel quickly ducks into his bedroom on the other side of the hall. He has several t-shirts that have been modified to accommodate his wings and he grabs one at random. It’s yellow with two bees lined up above the words ‘or not’ with two more bees lined up below it. Anna had bought it for him once upon a time, citing that the
A disgruntled grumble sounds beneath his hand and Dean shifts enough to dig his claws in. Castiel hushes him and starts petting, making sure to rub his thumb over his head. Dean must not be as asleep as he thought he was.
“It’s alright, Dean.” Castiel runs a hand through his hair, raking his nails against his scalp. “I’d rather that you
Dean blinks once, twice, three times. “Wow. You sure do know a lot about me.”
constantly hurt him.
Dean mentioned eating him out. Rolling that thought around in his brain, for some Godforsaken reason, doesn’t make him want to hurl himself off the bed and hide in the bathroom for the rest of the day. Would that really be better? Would that be enough to get him off? Castiel is long past desperate and Dean is going so damn
fall into their arrangement. He looks back to Dean again and then down at their hands. This is just so surreal and amazing and his brain is very much starting to short circuit.
“Not yet.” Castiel’s throat is so dry that is voice sounds utterly wrecked. “Keep – please, keep using your fingers, Dean.” This isn’t a demand. It’s a request and dear
When Castiel finally ends the timer, Sam completes the course with just over three minutes on the clock. It’s clear that Dean is the winner in their little obstacle course running challenge.
Castiel bites his lip and focuses on the soft warmth of her hand. “I like him.”
.” Dean breathes, just barely keeping his smile under control. “It’s a
If it was any other bright-fin, Dean wouldn’t be half as angry as he is in this instant. This is the bright-fin bastard that made it harder for him to claw his way to his current position. He probably would have been division captain several dozen days ago if it wasn’t for Swirly-blue and his damn rescue teams. Sam knows what a pain this one bright-fin has been in Dean’s tail and he went and fucking
to be something they can do for him.
Dear Mother-sea! Since the end of the war, they’re now already halfway through the
He doesn’t realize that he’s smiling until he’s standing up again, the water running the tub, and catches sight of himself in the mirror.
She doesn’t give him much choice and all but completely manhandles Castiel into getting his arms and head out of the top half of the shirt. It hangs down over his stomach while she helps him get into his binder and properly pin his wings down.
Oh, what the hell. He holds his breath as he types out his message and hopes it isn’t
Sam snorts a sharp, short laugh. “Clearly.” He rocks his head to the side, just enough to look at Castiel again. “Are your knees as bad as your hands?”
Dean Winchester, Sam Winchester, Castiel
“I suppose.” Cain shrugs and crosses his arms. “What’s in it for me?”
They never even got the chance to sort out the shit storm of Cas going behind their backs and working with Crowley. Dean was so angry – so
“Good.” If only he could start every morning with a kiss like that. Regardless of the pang of longing behind his ribs, Castiel still manages to smile. He steals one last kiss before forcing himself to draw away. “Now, let’s get dressed before he gets back and he
The longer the scene goes on, the easier Castiel is finding it take on this role. Having Dean actually participate is keeping the kind of flow that he needs. By this point, his embarrassment is nearly non-existent now as he asks his next question. “Is this where you’re sensitive, Dean?”
Dean laughs as he pulls another beer from the cooler. “You’re going to drink all my beer, huh? Don’t want a sandwich to go with it?”
That sounds like a good plan. Something short means less awkwardness. And then they can watch the last Matrix movie and Castiel can valiantly try to pay attention to it too instead of focusing on the fact that they once again will have (likely) masturbated side by side. Maybe, if he exposes himself to this kind of situation more often - with Dean only, of course - he’ll be more comfortable with it. This is just new and unusual for him and he only needs to adjust to it. Once he does that, everything will be okay. Although his imagination might run away with him most days and he’ll always be guilt ridden for being aroused by Dean instead of the porno.
Cas’s eyes go dark, hooded and hot. His bottom lip catches between his teeth and he takes a deep breath through his nose. He closes his eyes for a moment before stepping back again. “Hands behind your back and on your knees for me in our bed.
While Castiel appreciates being given the power over whether or not their relationship will evolve to include this new physical aspect, he kind of wishes that Dean had been the one to choose. There is too much for him to consider. What will happen if he
Castiel reaches out to pat Dean’s shoulder softly. “There, there.”
His life has changed drastically since Dean came into it and Castiel has never been more thankful for something as simple as forgetting a book.
He’s gotten better at focusing entirely on reading while he eats. Sometimes he can stay distracted enough that he doesn’t even look up to sneak a glance at Dean throughout the entirety of his lunch hour. Today is, thankfully, one of those days. It likely helps that Castiel is reading one of his favourite books. The story captivates him immediately the moment he starts reading and he only remembers to eat by functioning on autopilot.
Castiel hums his answer. He nods and holds his breath, waiting to see what will happen. A few moments pass where the room is silent save for the sound of Dean shifting. It doesn’t sound like he’s coming any closer to the bed and it takes far too long for Castiel to realize why. If
An elbow catches him in the ribs and Castiel turns to glare at Gabriel. Before he can hiss at him for being a bug, Gabriel leans in and drops his voice into a whisper. “Go say hi to your friends. Kali and I can cover you for ten minutes, tops.”
This is what he’s fighting against Raphael for; these people stuck in a traffic jam but still managing to make the best of it.
and it’s probably one of the best asses Dean has seen in his life. Even if he wanted to look away, he couldn’t. It’s just
“I will, maman.” Castiel can’t stop himself from smiling even if he tried. This call has gone far better than he had hoped. “Dean is very good to me.”
to get down to the car. Any longer than that, and I’m going to get started without you.”
Yes. It’s been a
“No, Cas.” Dean shakes his head slowly, tongue tripping over words. “It’s it-it’s scrambling your brain.”
Charlie’s unamused thoughts brush against his when he shares them openly with her.
Excellent. That gives him more than enough time to get everything prepared – including himself. Castiel starts with getting the materials needed. In this case, it’s one of the three coils of rope he purchased, the rope handcuffs, his eye mask, and the vibrator with its remote. The only good place he can think of to enact his plan is in the bathroom, so he puts everything in there for the time being.
Dean over exaggerates his sigh as he mimes zipping up his pants. “Fine, fine. I’ll curb my libido for tonight.” He draws an ‘X’ on his chest with the tip of his finger. “Promise.”
Of course, the most important thing about all of this is that Cas’s Council actually wants to meet with the rebels! The whole swim back to the colony’s camping ground is spent picking through his division trying to find Sam and Jess to share the good news. He can’t wait to tell them all about his all too brief visit with Cas. It’s more than a little annoying how freaking
. “You’re the
He shrugs and puts a hand on the next stone to move out of the way, but then he pauses and squints at Dean.
happening.
Castiel groans as he picks through his clothes for something suitable to change into. “Can we
Lisa is, Castiel can only duck his head and shrug. “I can’t drive, so I’m afraid that three of us will need to go to the U-Haul location together to get the truck.”
The cloud
Is it possible for Dean to remain connected with him like this without moving? He doesn’t want Dean to pull away right now – or ever. He wants to stay like this forever. Or would that be bad? Are there any consequences to having a flaccid penis in one’s ass? Castiel isn’t sure, but he
It takes some time, but eventually Castiel feels
“He’s free tomorrow night.”
Does Dean recognize him too? He must. Wasn’t he the one who gave Castiel that ridiculous name? Twisty-blue, or something ridiculous like that. Dean has been weaving back and forth since he entered the cave and he hasn’t taken his eyes off Castiel – despite Sam’s best efforts to block him from view. He’s on the receiving end of the darkest glare he’s ever seen and that’s saying something considering he knows Raphael quite well.
Castiel pauses after swallowing a mouthful of cheeseburger. “Maybe he doesn’t go to bars?”
As it turns out, Anna absolutely did take a video last night. In fact, she took several and then combined clips from each of them into one summary movie of the party. It’s not very long but , surprisingly, it
those witches.
himself.
Sam shares a look with Dean as they take their seats. “Actually, yes.”
He grips Dean’s hips and helps him to his feet. Dean gets turned around for a quick peck to the lips, and then Cas is sinking to his knees again. His lips trail down his chest and stomach until he reaches the barrier of his clothing. He drops his chin to his chest, watching as Cas presses a kiss to the subtle rise of the front of his pants; the only visible indication that he’s just as aroused as the tent in Cas’s sweats.
Castiel hums under his breath and rolls his neck in a stretch. “Is it better with vulgar terms? If I said that I like your
It was just a trim and updating her highlights. It’s hardly a noticeable change, especially for someone who has only known her a week, and Lisa is stunned that he even picked up on it. “I – Yes! I had it done yesterday after yoga.”
“Alright, Jake Peralta. Can I let you up now?”
Castiel doesn’t hesitate to grab both duffle bags. He slings them one over each shoulder as Dean gets the totes and a couple shopping bags of snacks and food. They must have stopped off at the grocery store on their way here too.
Dean shakes his head. He can’t remember an instance where anyone was
Teen & Up (for language), Alternate Universe - canon divergence (sorta), Clair!Cas, pre-relationship, confessions
With Dean’s well wishes warming him from the inside, Castiel goes into the exam room with his head held high and a bounce in his step.
“Cas!”
Sam is carrying four extra-large pizzas, while Anna has a shopping bag swinging from one arm and a gift bag from the other. She crosses over to where Dean has claimed the recliner as his birthday throne and she throws a handful of shredded paper in his face.
He pauses his fidgeting long enough to gesture at how he’s wrapped Castiel’s tail.
Just thinking about it has his heart pounding. The hot shower does little to calm him while he does the necessary prep before and during his shower. His hands are trembling while he cleans himself from head to toe, thoroughly scrubbing every inch of skin. He doesn't know if it's because he's nervous or if he's excited. Castiel has had a while to think about whether or not he would ever want to have sex with Dean, and it was a resounding '
Finally, when the laughter seems to subside, Castiel takes the thin, curved, wand-like vibrator and gives it a critical eye. “I think you’re right, Dean. I think we
. Isn’t there anywhere he could go to be safe from the storm? Dean has been walking closer to the edge of the trees to try and use their branches to protect him from the worst of the driving snow, but the wind is howling along the edge of the cliff like the space between the trees and stone is creating a tunnel for it to whip through.
Dean’s face hardens into a cold stare.
with Cas around. Dean likes his sense of humour, and the stories he tells, and they just – they have a good time, okay? It doesn’t hurt that he looks
“Oh.” Cas looks up at him, eyes wide. “Really?” He looks back and forth between Dean and Sam before clearing his throat. “Then perhaps he could… not come?”
honest, he might be slightly hoping that Dean doesn’t trust anyone easily and that Castiel might be a special case. Because it
Dean squeezes his hand as he meets his eyes. “I’d never let anything happen to you.”
When he frowns at her, confused by her expression, Anna starts giggling. She finishes entering his order and puts it through as paid. “I’ll get Gabriel to fork over the money later. Why don’t you grab a seat? I’ll bring your sandwich over when it’s ready.”
. Castiel knows without a fact that he would absolutely
at him as he takes the bag. “I promise that I’ll keep you posted about our trip so you know we got to our next hunt safely. And after. It’s just a regular bond jumper, so it should be easy.”
“I’m afraid so.” Castiel sighs, but he doesn’t look away again.
“Castiel?” Dean’s voice drew everyone’s attention, not just his secretary.
Anna steps back and doesn’t answer for a moment, admiring her handwork. Satisfied, she nods and grins down at him; a flash of pearly whites against green. “Oh, I went out and bought this the moment Mom confirmed that the party was happening. I knew we’d be able to convince you eventually, and figured this was the only acceptable costume choice.”
“I’d feel bad for you, but it’s your penance for not listening to me.” Dean ruffles his hair and throws back the blanket to help him to the edge of the bed. “Now, let’s get you to the bathroom to clean up. Bobby and Pam are waiting for us.”
There’s something about that explanation that doesn’t sit well with Castiel. Bartholomew asks the question before he can.
won’t be the last.”
, but then they’re just going to wonder how he got it and that would just get Balthazar and Anna in trouble. He couldn’t do that to his siblings. But there has to be something that he can do! He just – Castiel just needs to think about it for a little while. He’ll examine the memory for a while longer and then maybe he’ll be able to –
He clears his throat and two sets of eyes turn from the movie to him. After two weeks in their company, it doesn’t bother him as much as it did before. “Do you have any idea of how long you’ll be staying?” Because they
to them – Well, he doesn’t want to think what Dean might do.
“Over two thousand dollars, last I heard.” Cas surprises them both by pulling a gun from a holster on his chair and firing into the water at another python. “I think I read somewhere that python hunting was illegal too, so you might have some trouble selling.”
By the time the movie ends, Castiel is too upset to even pay any attention to the conclusion of the plot. Honestly, he doesn’t even remember the name of the movie or what it was really about. He doubts that he’s going to be able to think of anything else for a while. This was not what he thought things would be like if Dean and Lisa’s relationship ever ended. But it’s what he deserves.
Castiel sighs. ”Yes, Auntie.”
The thing is, as much as Dean loves Cas, he’s pretty sure a relationship is never going to happen between them. Cas has no sex drive to speak of. He falls pretty securely on the ace spectrum and has absolutely no interest in it. Dean, meanwhile,
Dean has had more than a few battles since the cave and he hasn’t killed anything more than his meals in that time. It’s an impressive feat, given who and what he is. And Dean might be just a little bitter over the fact that the Council apparently hasn’t taken notice of it. They haven’t called him in to ask why his death count has dropped. In fact, the only people who
With a happy sigh, Castiel turns and leans back against Dean’s chest. He lets his eyes fall closed so he can fully enjoy every sensation that comes with Dean slowly and gently working shampoo into his hair. To his delight, Castiel even gets a passing attempt at a scalp massage. It’s not as good as what his hair dresser gives, but it’s wonderful purely because it’s Dean giving it to him. Castiel will have to return the favour somehow – and soon.
“No, that’s – Yes, that would be a good idea. I didn’t even think of that.” And Castiel feels like an idiot admitting that. He had started on the kitchen when the delivery drivers had arrived and he wanted to stay out of their way.
Dean bites back his laughter. “Yes, yes I did. Moose tracks, to be precise.”
last year with Sam and Jess until after Sam’s birthday. But now he
Castiel moves his papers to take a look at the schedule he keeps written on a large desk calendar. As much as he and Dean try to have lunch together, there are some days where it’s just not possible given their schedules or meetings they might have. He only ever writes on his calendar the days that they
. This is just as unbelievable as everything else and Dean twists onto his side to glare at Sam. He lets any walls he had around his mind drop to fill the kin-connection with every inch of his rage and hurt. Dean lets Sam and the others feel just how much he’s been betrayed by everything they’ve done to him now and throughout the war.
been enjoying their budding relationship. They’ve been spending a lot of time together because of their jobs, but in that time Castiel has grown very fond of him. Actually, the feelings he had
. Could you guys warn a guy before you do something like that? That amount of surprise hurts like a
Angel laughs softly, and it’s Cas’s laugh through and through. “I know. It’s a lot to take in.” His hand comes to rest on the back of Dean’s neck and he squeezes softly. “I freaked out pretty much the same the first time too.”
“Try me.”
Castiel nods slowly and takes a slow, deep, breath.
And there goes Dean’s smile. One of those names sounds familiar and he’s pretty sure Cas said it earlier. But back then he was talking about the bright-fin’s leader. They’re not the same fin-kin, are they? No, that would be ridiculous. What are the chances that the bright-fin Sam supposedly ‘
It’s too early and not enough caffeine for laughter, but Castiel still manages a quiet chuckle. He reaches out to catch Dean’s wrist and tugs it closer so he can get to his hand. Their fingers slide together easily, linking up like they were always meant to be that way. Dean’s expression softens and he smiles; rubbing his thumb over Castiel’s knuckles.
Does this mean that Dean
Bobby shrugs and picks at his casserole; raising an eyebrow at the pieces of biscuits beneath the creamy chicken, cheese, and bacon on top of it. “It’s better than spending hours outta my day driving back and forth just to get a paycheck.”
sensitive. Castiel presses a hand over his mouth to contain any noises when
Castiel crouches in front of him and taps the glass against the top of Dean’s head to get his attention. When Dean looks up, he holds out the water and a few pills. One to help with his stomach and a few to help with his headache. “These will make you feel better.”
being touched. But it feels good – a burn of new pleasure that he wants more of
Dean’s heartbeat through the back of his shirt.
“You’re acting like you just got dumped.” She sighs loudly and he can hear the muted tap of her fingers on the screen of her phone. “You knew they were only staying temporarily. Now
Dean snorts and bites his bottom lip. “Oh really? Am I naked for this hypothetical week?”
aware of how much Cas eats. There’s been more than one occasion where they’ve eaten lunch together in the food court. Cas puts away at least
“You needed a good laugh more than she did.” Sam shrugs, hands in his pockets. “You’ve been pretty down since the break-up and I figured this might help you get over
able to feel happy about it. Cas’s song and his own delight is boosting that little bit of happy he had that was being overshadowed by the depressing thoughts of the future. Really, he shouldn’t be letting that get in his way. Dean should allow himself to be happy about this. The war is finally over and they made it. They made it and now, if they’re going to be allowed to stick around, Dean can focus on trying to redeem himself to Cas and to all the bright-fin.
Which accounts for the ring sitting nestled in the middle of the basket of fruit he’ll be bringing in as the next part of Dean’s treat. The scene they’re having now will probably break then, if only so Dean can react without needing permission. Castiel doesn’t mind, though. There’s not a doubt in his mind that it will be a
“You’re allowed to know that I’m going to woo the
interested in what Dean might do to him. Should he step out of line? Should he push any of Dean’s buttons just to find out what he’ll do? Oh, but that’s oh so tempting.
They talk with her at least once a week now, since she all but demanded it as part of her goodbyes when she left a few months ago. It’s summer now and Castiel is working full time at the café right through until school starts again in the fall. He’ll be entering the third year of his Bachelor of Arts with a speciality in Photography. It was pure luck that the majority of his courses from his first year still counted towards it.
“And I’m Castiel.” He inclines his head. “Thank you.”
doesn’t bother him either. “Does anyone mind if I take a quick shower before breakfast?” He glances at Castiel. “Do you want to use it first?”
“Oh my
“And I saved you a slice of meat, otherwise Dean would have eaten it all and left you none.” Contrary to Dean’s belief, the vegetarian pizza was actually rather delicious; but no amount of coercion could get him to try it. Castiel is half convinced that he refused purely out of spite and not out of actual dislike for vegetables.
“They were taken by Gabriel, so I can’t speak for the quality.” It’s a joke, obviously, and Castiel can’t keep his smile down.
Castiel sits back sharply, the game forgotten. “You – What?
starts up quietly in the back of his head. It’s got that soft airy feel to it that means his soulmate is only
“Enjoy!” Dean salutes and shuts the door behind him.
Yet again there’s something Castiel doesn’t understand and now he’s getting mad.
series (including the horrible prequels). Sam had mentioned offhandedly that
Pride floods the kin-connection from all three of them and Dean wants to soak in it forever. They were proud of him for his promotion, but not like this.
’ shape. It makes Castiel want to kiss it again, but he has a job to do. He’s fairly certain that he is close to bringing Dean to orgasm. Even though he suspects -
Sam makes a noise of acknowledgement. “
She laughs and leans over to nudge Castiel with her elbow.
Cas ignores it and comes to a stop in front of Dean. His expression is as neutral as ever as he reaches out to drag two fingers down the length of Dean’s forearm. He leaves a tingling buzzing sensation in his wake, his touch impossibly warm. The touch traces over the back of his hand until Cas can bring the tips of their index and middle fingers together. It’s like a lit spark sizzles under his skin and Dean realizes in that moment that this is the first time they’ve actually touched.
That brings a smile to his lips and Castiel picks up his mug again. He should be able to finish the rest of this conversation with only one thumb.
is something that Castiel has over all of Dean’s other so called
Besides, focusing on something small and ridiculous like that is better for him. That way, he won’t panic about how Bobby’s eyes are shrewd under the rim of his cap, or how he’s looking at Castiel like he’s picking him apart piece by piece.
“Alright, Cas, I’m heading out.” Dean interrupts his clean up from the front door as he’s pulling on his shoes. “If you need a ride at any point, give me a call. Otherwise, I’ll see you later.”
“What makes you so sure of that?”
kiss?”
A fiery burn is singing through his veins and he has to grab Dean’s hips to keep his hands from shaking. On the bright side, he can dip his fingers under the waistband of his jeans and start working them down. But though he has his hands more or less under control, Castiel’s mouth isn’t at all. He can’t stop himself from tasting everything he can touch. Dean’s lips are addicting, but so is his collarbone. Putting his lips to that and scraping his teeth across it always makes Dean’s head drop back with a groan.
have an opinion on that, but in the time it takes to find his words, Dean is already asking another question.
. Castiel is barely settled before Dean stretches out across the cushions to rest his feet in his lap. This is becoming a habit of his, it seems, and he acknowledges it with nothing more than a roll of the eyes.
The line rings a few times before it’s picked up. “
.” Sam adds, shooting Dean a look over his camera.
– though it is so tempting. But he has better control of himself now. His panic at being trapped under the rocks has passed and he is not as desperate as he had been.
“Cas?” Sam sits down next to him again and effectively draws Castiel back to reality. “Are you feeling okay? You’re all red.” He looks down at the last half of the final quiche. “I thought your food didn’t have any hot spices in them.”
Carefully, so as not to startle her, Castiel reaches out with his mind. Jess is already connected with him, but there are two bright minds he can feel if he concentrates. He touches the one belonging to Mary gently and she flinches immediately. Her cry cuts off into a hiccupping sniffle and her little eyes grow wide. Worry flutters along the kin-connection, stemming from Jess. Castiel pushes calm towards her, even as he increases the pressure of his touch on Mary’s mind.
. He looks back, but more at a point over Cas’s shoulder. “Uh – what about you?”
“Fine, fine.” He stops at one more table to pick up the dishes there and give it a quick wipe down to get rid of the crumbs. “But if you want to talk, then we’re going to do it in the kitchen while I’m loading the dishwasher. Some of us still have a few hours left to their shift.”
His inability to forgive Dean aside, he does consider them to be friends in some sense. That said, he would actually be rather unhappy to learn that Dean or any of the rebels died from here on out.
Dean shrugs and he looks away, refusing to meet Castiel’s eyes. “The kind that would be difficult to make if you end up cutting back on your hours.”
to? His feelings on it are pretty damn mixed. It’s a yes and a no – or possibly sitting more towards a ‘
“Hey, handsome!” Dean gets out of the car with a grin as Castiel approaches. He pulls him into a warm hug that Castiel wants to sink into to avoid the cold breeze. “Did’ja miss us?” Unexpectedly and with a grin, Dean drops a kiss to the corner of his mouth.
But he whines again and rests his head on Dean’s shoulder, shifting impatiently all the way to the motel. They get out and Cas dances around him, half jumping and sniffing at the bag. Dean holds it out of reach until they’re safely in their room.
should be treated.” Anna waves her fork at him, nearly losing her potatoes. “I’d
“I –” That’s all that he can get out before he has to clear his throat. “I was wondering what you’re plans for the evening were?”
What class does he have next? Ah, right. It’s only Math. He’s fairly certain that he’s well ahead of the class in their current content. Castiel should be fine with taking a short break in the bathroom to have this conversation. Father would ship him right back to boarding school if he ever learned of this, so Castiel will just need to be quick about it. Until then, he’ll just have to put his worries on hold – as difficult as that might be.
should take the couch. He was all but forced to bed to keep him from disturbing her.
There is no doubt in Castiel’s mind that Balthazar really was borderline tortured for this.
His fans start to flex with excitement. The fang-fin Council is defeated! Dean and his brothers are alive and they’ve
Dean snorts once, twice, and loses his grip on himself as he starts laughing outright. It grows in volume, making Castiel bounce with it. When that gets too annoying, he slides off of Dean to one side. There, he can prop himself up on his side and watch as Dean covers his face with one hand while laughing. It feels – it feels
Sam backs up into the center of the boat, tossing empty shotgun shells to the floor as he reloads. “Stay away from the edges. If it gets a hand on you, you’ll be over the edge and gone for good.”
With the chocolate syrup and the whipped cream, their kisses have become almost sickenly sweet. It makes Castiel’s teeth hurt. He’s always been more of a savoury kind of person, as Gabriel seems to taken the world’s supply of sweet tooth genes. Dean, however, seems to revel in it. In no time at all, he had licked Castiel as clean as he could, even sucking the cherry right off his naval. Interestingly enough, he apparently knows how to tie a cherry stem into a knot.
to any of his friends.
Eventually, once the laughter has died down, Dean seeks out Castiel’s hands and squeezes them tightly. “I’m sorry.”
Pam shrugs, not even paying the slightest bit of attention to his wings. “Your loss!” She disappears back inside the bathroom with Sam in tow. The splash of water in the tub starts running moments later.
Dean struggles against the rope. It’s rough and rubs the skin raw around his ankles, wrists, and over his chest and arms where it’s binding him to the back of the chair. He freezes when he hears a gunshot. It’s muffled, but nearby, and oh dear God are they killing people? Is Shifter-Him going to come back to tie up a loose end? He’s not ready to die yet!
After a moment of silence, Dean makes a soft admission. "It didn't come with hooks."
Castiel gathers his wits about him and shakes his head. “Thank you, but no.” He gets to his feet slowly, making sure that his coat hangs properly around his sides to obscure everything from his hips and up. “I was just leaving.”
about it being more than that. There’s even a betting pool going on!
– then he’ll have failed as a guard. A sense of guilt rises in his belly, making his insides feel tight and sore. He should have been protecting his brothers, not Dean.
That appearance lasts for as long as it takes him to read the lovely birthday card attached to the package. As soon as he sets that aside and thanks Kali, Castiel loses all sense of decorum and starts tearing at the paper like a child. If he ever feels embarrassed about his actions right now, it will be in the future and late at night when he can pull his pillow over his face and wish he could change time. For right now, it’s rather enjoyable and he can’t wait to see what she got for him.
Castiel stays like that long after the pipes have rattled with the flush of the toilet and the sound of Dean heading down the hall to the kitchen. His desire to face the day is in the negatives because he just
This is almost impossible for Dean to wrap his head around it. It just seems so –
“No, I’m not.” Sam rolls his eyes and leans down to rub his leg. “We don’t do anything else at Bobby’s except the movies and dinner.”
Castiel’s skin is tingling in the wake of Dean’s touch. “Add that water over the fire to the tub for me, and I’ll consider it.”
get through this after all.
His lips are still tingling with the remnants of the kiss as he types in the password to his phone. It took a while for Castiel to stop feeling guilty when he types three three two six, but he’s used to it now. Just as long as no one ever finds out what those four numbers translate to on a telephone pad. Once his alarms are set, Castiel hides the phone under his pillow again and pulls his blankets over his shoulders.
To be fair, though, Castiel isn’t actually all that fond of cooking. Every recipe is always for
.” Dean crosses his arms on the table and hides his face in them. “I would have taken Dora over the bullshit she had playing
.” John sounds like he’s talking more to himself than them. “
And that’s left them in a weird best-friends-in-love-with-each-other gray zone. They’ve kissed exactly once, and that was when Cas confessed to him. It wasn’t the most romantic of locations either, but Dean enjoys reminiscing nonetheless. In fact, what an excellent time to do that when he’s about to spend a couple hours doing a monotonous task.
“Yup, okay, that’s enough.” He picks up his bag and all but shoves it into Sam’s chest. “Go on. Get!”
Oh sweet Mother-sea.
“Yeah, right.” He snorts and twists at the waist, first one way and then the other. “You might have the speed, Dean, but I’ve got the stamina. You’re going to tire out in seconds.”
“We’ve only been together for a few weeks, Dean.” He narrows his eyes and watches him closely. “I haven’t exactly spoken to either of my parents in that time period.” Would Dean be smiling right now if he
Cas finds his hand and squeezes it. “You’re really smart and you’re good at science and math. Why don’t you look into studying to be an engineer?”
A heated argument that amounts to nothing more than brotherly bickering fills the night, but Castiel is more than happy to have someone else doing the talking. He needs the distraction and it’s strangely comforting to listen to.
, but he didn't. Father wouldn't have liked it very much and he already frowned on the fact that Gabriel didn't. And since he was terrified of ever doing anything to disappoint their father while growing up, Castiel had to restrain himself and accept the fact that sometimes he would wake up with shaving cream in his slippers.
to follow.”
“Yes, I’ll wake you.” Castiel shakes out his pack tarp and folds it up. “We’ll have breakfast, repack your bag, and head out. I under-packed under purpose, so I can take some of the weight off your back until we get to Mount Laguna.”
Before he even opens his eyes, Castiel knows that Dean is awake. There’s just
to pick up supplies, because it’s not a Winchester visit without enough food to feed an entire country.
with this conversation, Gabriel. I don’t want to go out with anyone.”
Castiel watches from the kitchen as Sam paces back and forth in front of Dean’s bedroom door. He’s got his phone to his ear, listening. From Castiel’s understanding, it’s Bobby on the other end of the line and he is
As good as that feels, it’s building the pressure in his gut
Castiel really likes him a lot, even if there are some in his colony who don’t like it. Some are opposed to his relationship because they’re both male, but that number is rather small. The majority of the nay-sayers are upset because Dean is a
about it, Castiel might be actually considering moving out. He loves it here and living with Dean and Sam feels so much better than living on his own in a dorm room or his own apartment, but he’s not sure that he can take this much longer. It’s almost inconceivable to him that it was actually
you knew that I had feelings for him. I never told Sam anything.”
Something warm pulls tight in Dean’s chest. It’s like it’s pulsing with pride or something. Cas is just so fucking
' part is new to him. How does that change what roleplaying is? This has stumped him and he turns around to ask Dean about it, the question already balancing on the tip of his tongue.
Dean doesn’t question the choice and follows wordlessly, dropping his fare into the change receptacle. “Don’t be an ass.” He sticks his tongue out and drops into one of the available seats.
A little colour fills Dean’s cheeks and he ducks his head, almost looking
“That and I’m going out with Benny.” Dean shrugs and steps up onto the couch. He hops over the back of it as Sam’s amused look falls into a concerned frown – one that Castiel mirrors.
His thoughts stop dead in their tracks when Dean reaches back without turning over and flips the blanket back. The space left for him is open and inviting and Castiel is a weak, weak man. He chews his lip for only a moment before slipping under the blanket and drawing it over himself again. He doesn’t even pause before he’s tucking up against Dean’s back and pressing his face into the back of his neck.
And all he did was make it harder.
He ignores her. There’s enough time left in the day for him to hunt up something more to eat before he should get some sleep. And he should probably find Sam and work on their relationship a little. It’s fractured right now and he hates having it hanging over him like this. Maybe Dean should apologize and try to explain
Until then, he’ll let this tide him over. He’ll cover the back of Dean’s neck and shoulders with soft kisses and hold him until the water gets cold. When they take their shower, he’ll hold him then too and take care of Dean like he should have before. Castiel will make up for everything tonight, and he’ll
Castiel is in the midst of eating and he doesn’t stop chewing, eyes narrowed. They’re supposed to let him have at least a little bit of a break when it’s meal time. Once he started being able to tell what the problem was with the babies, they started turning to him every single time there’s even a hint of screaming or crying.
“Hey, watch my shit.” Dean stands up and stretches now that the scores have been announced for the squad that just finished. “I’m gonna hit the head and get a refill.”
for that to be a possibility.
that Dean was hurt by what his father said about him.
No, this is something that he would only ever see
Regardless, Castiel still feels
What has him distracted is the fact that watching movies after dinner has become a
unregistered, why would they believe him? Sam looks completely human and
“I don’t think it did?” Dean shrugs and spreads his arms. “I still feel like me. Everything I’m doing with the money is shit I would have been doing ages ago if I had the money to do it. Except the not working bit. I just need a fucking
Dean walks back to the cellular kiosk with his head in the clouds. Cas said
anymore – evolved into something that could almost be half-human – it was eating him alive. He couldn’t
Dean is practically trembling next to him. His tail won’t stop twitching and he keeps bouncing in place.
It’s actually a surprise to find Sam at their sleeping spot when he gets back. Dean was planning to check there again before looking for their friends to see if they’ve seen Sam and then kind of spiraling out from that point. But Sam is tucked away in the space beneath the shelf they’ve been sleeping under, curled on his side and looking for all the ocean like he’s sleeping. After spending their whole lives together, Dean can tell without the kin-connection that Sam is still wide awake.
“Craft time is the
Gabriel actually has the audacity to laugh. “You wouldn’t. You’re too nice to do something like that. Besides, Kali is perfect and you know it.” He turns his head to stick his tongue out at Castiel – which he only manages to see out of the corner of his eye.
. It feels like so little time has passed since then, but it makes sense that it’s been that long. Digging out hollows and forming an auditorium for the Council – that all took time.
is what Dean was trying to get at before they were interrupted by Sam.
“I’m, like, two block away. Wait for me in the lobby.”
– and how he wants to go to the top of the Empire State Building, and the Statue of Liberty.
“I was unaware that you knew how to edit the replicator.”
Mary shrugs and smooths her hand over a few wrinkles in the shirt. “That Charlie is a – uh – remarkable young woman.”
Dean wheezes loudly and takes several minutes to get his laughter under control. “I – I – never thought I’d hear you say
– but the man with short hair keeps laughing at whatever his companion is saying.
’, but in this situation he’s fairly certain he could summon up the willpower for that.
Anna still manages to get her hands on the gravy at some point during the meal. Castiel suspects that Sam slipped it to her. Aunt Amara doesn’t comment on it, so neither does he. Dean looks like he might, but Anna distracts him with conversation. It’s a loud, boisterous dinner, and it’s so
to ask him a couple questions that he’s not too keen on answering. Plus, he likes helping Sam trap and build up the store of furs that he trades for come spring.
. He’s never been more insulted.
It’s the first question Dean asks him the moment their minds find each other on the battlefield. Castiel tries not to react physically while he’s quickly directing his garrison around. A smile wants to find its way onto his lips and he can’t allow it to happen. Not here, at least. Not now. But the careful way Dean’s mind touches his only makes him want to grin. This is the first that they’re speaking since the disastrous meeting the other day and Dean is actually worried that Castiel is still mad with him. It’s rather adorable.
It’s like she’s
recognizes is swirly-blue. After their first run in those days and days and days ago, he’s been the only one to
“Okay.” He hums a few notes before letting out a slow breath. “Have you talked to Dean yet?”
“Since…?”
notice, however, is when Dean turns the damn thing on. It’s like lightning in his veins – a jolt up his spine that has him crying out and arching off the bed.
Castiel hesitates for a moment before drawing him into a short hug. It’s not quite the same as hugging Dean, but it’s still nice. Sam hugs him tightly and gives a solid pat to his shoulder as they pull apart.
clothes to work and be
upon sitting down, the
Castiel’s breath catches in his throat and he pauses with putting the collar on the counter. “Out?”
For anyone on sentry duty, it’s just easier to get food from storage instead of wasting time and energy to hunt their own. Castiel shares in Balthazar’s laziness from time to time and he doesn’t mind swimming down to storage. He likes taking this trip because he gets to see the rest of the colony waking up while he floats downward in wide spirals. Granted, since Castiel’s sleep-shelf is further down than most his age, he doesn’t have that long of a trip.
“Is there a particular experience to be had here?” Castiel tilts his head to try and catch Dean’s eye, but he’s steadfastly
two. Raphael can be as angry as he wants, but Castiel doesn’t care. They’re saving lives and that’s all that matters – even if he would actually prefer that they just end the war altogether.
It takes him a moment to find the ability to give some kind of answer, but it sounds pathetic even to his own ears. “No?”
– on the floor next to him.
Anna shakes her head. “Nope. There were six years between when Castiel moved her and when me and mom did. I’m also six years younger than him.”
be focused on thinking about his relationship with Dean and how it’s changed in some way. He doesn’t have the first clue how he’s managed to make it all the way to
it. He wants his brain to flat line to the point that he doesn’t care about anything else except for the two of them. There’s nothing to worry about where his family, his job, his school, or his future are concerned. It’s just him and Dean and nothing else but making each other feel good.
The sun is dipping pretty close to the horizon when he finally runs out of things to do and has no choice but to return to the barn. The horse he took out for the day, Comet, seems pretty happy as soon as he turns her nose in that direction. She gets a little pep in her step and almost prances the whole way back. He had carrots as treats and she grazed throughout the day, and there’s water troughs dotted all over the fields, so she’s not starving or thirsty. Knowing her, she’s excited for the grooming that he gives whenever they’ve been out all day.
There’s a surety and a promise to his thoughts in the kin-connection that puts Castiel at ease. After many seasons apart, they’re still learning how they fit together. Their time on Lilith and Crowley’s boats was only a handful of rotations. It was a different time and there’s a lot of unknowns between them both – but Castiel has been enjoying learning the ins and outs of life with Dean outside of the stressful situations that first brought them together.
Jess starts swimming circles around them, laughing like he hasn’t heard her laugh in a while.
“He’s lying.” Sam whispers loudly again as he leans in. “He’s
to ask this. “Would it be alright if I tried to –”
In hindsight, Castiel did not think his plans for today through
Raphael rises up off of his pillar. His glow flickers from the intensity of his emotions, his frustration burning through the kin-connection.
that he needs to take it, he had no other choice but to take it. So when he’s allowed out of the class half an hour earlier than usual, it’s nothing short of a delightful miracle.
He rests his cheek against his fist and looks at his phone. “Go do your delivery. I’ll talk to you later.”
She shrugs and tilts her head to the side.
“I’m not talking about the
If you post fanart on Tumblr, please tag "riseofthefallenone" in the first 5 tags, or hit me up with a link! ♥ I would love to see it! ♥
he’s refilled his whiskey glass a few times. Castiel has tried not to keep track, but it’s hard not to be aware of it every time Dean pops the tab on a can or gets up to pour himself another glass. It worries him, but it’s not his place to say anything. Not yet, at least.
The bread is in the toaster when he heads off to go wash the laundry. Castiel stands watch as the bacon and eggs continue to sizzle on the stove. They’re not exactly ready yet, but he’s been instructed to keep watch. While Dean is gone, he prepares the toast and pours out two tall glasses of milk. For Dean, he mixes in some chocolate syrup to make it just that little bit more tantalizing. It’s not
“Okay.” Castiel shakes himself out and ruffles his feathers. “If you’re fine with me being the one to keep you company, than you’re welcome to share my bed with me, Dean.”
and see whales! It’s not exactly fishing, but it’ll still be awesome.
But Cas had just looked at him for a really long time, ignoring his Pop Pop and everyone else. After Dean was sure he was going to
“Oh shit, we’re going through a tunnel!” Sam raises his voice over the panicked notes in Dean’s words. He starts making rough
“If I didn’t love the feel of a cover in my hands, I would have already digitized my collection onto one.” He follows Sam out too. “I hope you enjoy them. They’re all excellent choices.”
? Castiel puts his sandwich down and turns to look at him. He narrows his eyes slightly to try and determine just exactly kind of forgiveness Dean might be looking for. “Forgive you for what?”
here, and the magical energy in the room is palpable. It’s like a slap in the face and Dean is going to burn that town to the ground himself – or, at the very least, the home of that town official.
There are so many possibilities for where tonight could take them and Dean fills the kin-connection with every single one of them. He shows Castiel exactly what it would be like if he was allowed to move forward just a little bit so they could rub their erections together. Or, if Castiel stretched out on the floor of the hollow, they could do the same but with the added benefit of Dean being on top of him. Castiel groans into the kiss and clings to those possibilities. Maybe they can do that for next time, but right now this is good. This is perfect and he doesn’t want it any other way.
As promised, they take him to the gun range afterwards. It is a little difficult to hold the gun, but Castiel does his best and grits his teeth against any sting. Thankfully, it seems he hasn’t forgotten any of his training in this particular regard. Dean only has to correct his stance once through the couple of clips they have him go through.
mind is that Dean doesn’t listen to him. He’s holding still and he’s beautiful like this, but it’s not what Castiel wants. To show his disapproval, he turns the vibrator off. If Dean wants it back on, he’s going to have to move for it. The message must get across rather clearly, because Dean starts rocking his hips again. He’s so
“I – I –” Castiel’s chest heaves, but he’s not getting enough air. “What if – I –”
The salmon ladder is still the most difficult obstacle so far, but this one is a close second.
Even if he’s still itching to make Abaddon and Crowley bleed.
thing. But they are, and that’s great.
Despite that, he’s already breaking away to head in Azuriel’s direction.
Should he question this? Part of him wants to, but the rest of him knows that he likely won’t get an answer. If anything, pressing about this might make Dean withdraw. He’s clearly struggling with opening up about this and Castiel doesn’t want to make this harder on him. If there’s anything more than Dean wants to tell him, then he will when he’s ready. For right now he needs to remember that they’re still currently in the safety net of their roleplaying scene. This confession – this
Thankfully, Anna is there to save him. “Isn’t it your break time, Dean?” She puts her hand on his shoulder and gestures toward the doors to the kitchen - and to where the break room is.
“Then
A lump rises in his throat and he somehow manages to find the voice to speak. “What’s wrong?”
Sam fiddles with his phone for a few moments before passing it to Castiel. Anna leans over so she can watch the shaky video too. Dean hums along with the tune that comes across mostly as noise through the recording.
Metatron nods, but he cocks his head to the side and narrows his eyes in a squint. There’s a moment where he strokes the short beard around his mouth before he drops his hand.
.” He cuddles ever closer with a huff. “Shush now, and you can have your turn when I wake up.”
. Dean, I can’t believe this is Spaghettios.” There’s barely any of the bland, original base flavour. The meat, the cheese, the new seasonings. It’s almost like having regular spaghetti – in the shapes of ‘o’s.
“Bye, Cassie!” Gabriel gives him another wave and heads off to the back of the café to hang up his apron and get his things.
before – if ever, really. Dean gets flustered, occasionally, but he certainly doesn’t
and I didn’t get you anything.”
The guy obviously noticed them stop. He nods, face serious. “Yes.”
to play for BDSM. Some pamphlets are supportive for how to deal with being gay or feeling dirty about one’s kinks.
He sprints as fast as he can along the lead up and as far up the wall as he can go – until his foot slips and this time he really does fall on his face. He swears loudly as he skids down the steep curve. His old sneakers maybe don’t have as much traction as they once did.
uncomfortable, and –”
What if Dean finds someone at the bar that he sees more than once during the week? What if he ends up wanting to have a relationship with them even though he said he never wants another one again? He was drunk at the time that he said that. It’s entirely possible that he won’t remember having said it. And if he doesn’t remember, does that mean the feelings that made him say that aren’t there anymore? Were they just inspired by the large quantities of alcohol he consumed before he said it?
going to talk about it – talk about
Anna chooses then to teleport back into the center of the room in her Pikachu onesie. She spins around in a circle so everyone can see the ears on her head and the 3D tail sewn into the back of the onesie. “Pika-pi!”
much when Sam hunts. That would make things too easy for him.
signal, so he’s still good to flirt with his favourite insurance agent. In fact, the customer walks off while Dean is still looking and Charlie goes right back to doing inventory.
Granted, Dean isn’t the only one having alone time. Castiel’s libido has always been low, but there have been a few times over the last month where he’s had to deal with a certain situation. Since he bathes because of his wings, he tends to masturbate while the tub is filling. The sound of the faucet running is more than enough to muffle any sound that he might make.
There’s some good to be said about how the majority of the colony seems pretty upset that they were lied to. Some are just like Dean and they’re already calling for Abaddon and Crowley’s blood. They want
as the two-tails call them) back to the trench. Both his colony and the Fang-fin will have more than enough to eat for a while with a take this big. They’re ecstatic; the members of his colony singing their victory over the sea giant, and the Fang-fin hunters with them are swimming intricate patterns around them – almost like dancing.
Dean puts a hand over Castiel’s mouth. “Just can it and let me say what my gift is, okay?” He continues when Castiel raises both eyebrows to indicate that he understands. “Good. As I was going to say, whatever dough you make from tomorrow on, I want you to save it. You’re not going to be paying a cent for our bills or the rent until you start classes.”
Dean picks up the fishing picture of John and Adam, grip so tight that it crinkles the edges. His breathing has gone quick, but shallow, and Castiel watches him closely. He flinches when Dean slams the picture down on the table and walks away; cutting through the kitchen to head out into the backyard. The door slams behind him so hard that pictures on the wall in the dining room tremble slightly.
Castiel waits
With a sharp laugh, Dean turns away to pack up the drill. "Would it surprise you to hear that my entire bedroom set is second hand too? That desk was in pretty rough shape before I took a sander and a can of paint to it."
. Castiel grabs his wrist to stop him before he can start stroking. “Take your pants off too.”
Unsurprisingly, Father’s frown only grows deeper. “Living with two boys such as that must be very distracting for you.”
into his life, and he will forever be grateful for that Math 101 prerequisite course he had to take to get into the program he wanted.
Castiel smiles and puts his phone aside. That was exactly the kind of reaction that he was hoping for, and he knows that he’s had an effect on Dean when he sorts to letters instead of full words. It’s certainly a boost to his ego and Castiel even starts humming as he picks up the plug again. After some internal debate, he decides to remain on his back. He plants his feet on the bed and lifts his hips. The skirt slides back immediately, whispering over his erections as it comes to pool around his waist. It feels unexpectedly good and he has to bite his bottom lip to keep from making a sound.
With a huff, Dean rubs his nose into Castiel’s hair before he’s gone again. “I don’t mind it. If you want to say it, go ahead. Dirty talk for me is the same as bondage. Sometimes I’m in the mood for it, sometimes I’m not.”
In this case, the only passenger paying attention is Castiel. He turns his head to look at the boy. They stare each other down before Castiel leans over to press his face to the window with his mouth open.
Castiel pauses in doing up his shirt to stop all further contemplation on that matter. No, that would be an extremely bad idea. Not only has Gabriel already left for work, but his relationship with Dean is quite strained as is. He could never ask him about something like this. It would just make things harder at the café for both everyone. Despite his own previous flirtatious ways, Gabriel is annoyed at Dean for that and a variety of other things. It may be hypocritical of him, but Gabriel has also never told the whole truth about
Castiel finds it
. This is nothing more than sex and Castiel doesn’t like it.
And that is how Castiel finds himself alone in the cab of a stranger’s truck with Jess sitting between him and Lisa. It’s actually not as weird as he thought it would be. He gets along fine with Jess, even without Sam around. What had concerned him most about today was seeing Dean and Lisa
“Aw, Cas.” Dean looks back at him with a slanted smile. “You talked about us?”
“Etsy.” Dean shrugs. No point in denying that he would probably cry if he ever met Angel in person. “There’s all sorts of Angel stuff on there.”
Now this is just
“Go out with Dean?” She looks at him again and there’s no malice that Castiel can see. Jess looks honestly curious and maybe just a little hopeful. But why is she hopeful? For what reason? Does she
carrying something and he just doesn’t know it? Or what if Dean has managed to contract something since the last time he was checked? It’s entirely possible, and no matter how Castiel tries not to think about it, he’s still
The only thing that would make things better would be if Jess and Sam could join them. But Jess’s job usually schedules her for Friday evenings and Sam always has a basketball practice that runs rather late – which is apparently the coach’s attempt to keep his team from going out and partying in some way or another. Considering that his team is composed entirely of university students – most of which are there are scholarships – it seems a tad unnecessary to have the practices running so late. Luckily, Sam doesn’t seem to mind. Most Fridays he just ends up sleeping at Jess’s campus apartment anyways.
Of all the things Castiel thought he could learn about the fang-fin, he never once considered this would be a part of it. He does his best to just
“Yes.” Cas takes the rings out of the box, just a simple gold band, and slips it on the ring finger of his left hand. “You don’t have to strain something trying to ask me that, Dean.” He cups Dean by the face and kisses him full on the lips. “My answer is
No, no,
a place to move things to. For now, he’ll store it here until he and Dean have a place to put it.
comfort during bouts of anxiety for a change. “You could come home every other weekend, and I’ll go back with you for a week every now and then. We can figure it out. It’ll be okay, and this is probably better than that trucker idea.”
It comes as no surprise to anyone that Dean beelines straight for his bedroom the moment they get home. He’s been complaining almost since the moment they left about his outfit, even though everything aside from the vest already belongs to him. Although, to be fair, his clothing has been damp ever since he sat in that pile of leaves. That and the pants are a
Oh, that was not the right thing to think right now. Jealousy flares as an ugly, slick burn in his chest and Castiel stomps down on it firmly. He turns his thoughts from it to continue with his line of questioning. First he must determine whether or not Dean would want to see
content with everything in his life right now, even despite that they spent the last week apart. He sighs happily and wishes every moment could feel as good as this one; with Dean warm and close and smiling into his hairline as he rubs his thumb over the back of Castiel’s neck.
Of course, that doesn’t stop him from being like most red blooded teenage boys. Castiel
Cas’s rough laugh echoes off the walls of the cavern, a pleasant sound that sends shivers down Dean’s spine whether he wants it to or not. His smile is almost wicked when Dean peeks through his fingers to see what that laugh looks like. “Then sit on the altar and I’ll devour you as sweetly as one with a soul as bright as yours deserves.”
all the time, but it’s way more than Dean would ever feel from another non-family fang-fin.
. Luckily, any attention is directed to Anna almost immediately upon their arrival.
He leans in for a gentle kiss before squeezing Castiel’s hand again. “Why don’t we save that kind of talk for
- anal sex
To be honest, Castiel didn’t expect to wake up again. When he comes to consciousness once more, there are a few things he notices immediately. His entire body hurts even more so than it did before, and he is no longer trapped under the rocks. One of those is an improvement on his previous situation. The other at least means he’s still alive, for what that’s worth.
By the time Dean returns with a tray in hand, Castiel is slightly more awake than he was before. He pushes himself up into a sitting position to free up half the bed for Dean. His spine pops in several places as he stretches, flashing Dean a delighted smile as he puts the tray down in front of him. The tray just barely fits two plates of pancakes, bacon, toast, and two cups of coffee. The pancakes are drizzled generously with syrup and butter. His mouth has been watering from the smell of it all for several minutes now and seeing it is only making things worse.
That aside, what might be the most surprising about this moment is the fact that Sam doesn’t look unsettled by the beer in Dean’s hand. In fact, he might even look a little
Dammit. He had been hoping that Gabriel wouldn’t bring those up. Now Dean’s going to ask and – Yep, there he is, as if on cue.
Though, he has noticed that it’s becoming more and more normal for him to relax completely in front of the Winchesters. That’s how much of a constant they’ve become in his life.
“Dean,
the big brother.
thinking about it, Sammy would have picked up on that already. If you
It seems no one is going to get her water and Castiel goes off to get it himself. He comes back with a bottle of water to find Dean and Sam still standing awkwardly with their gifts. “Just do as she says.” Castiel sighs again and opens the bottle before handing it to Aunt Amara. “It’ll be easier for you – for all of us.”
“Gonna moan for it like the slut you are, huh?”
Dean graces Castiel with a pleased smile of his own. “Ready to go, birthday boy?”
She frowns at him and puts her hands on her hips. “Don’t you go taking this from me! Popcorn
Dean pushes himself up onto his knees and crosses his arms on the edge of the bed. It forces Castiel to lay back on the pillow again, otherwise they would be face to face and he can’t be held responsible for the kisses that would occur if that were to happen. He fully expects Dean to continue getting up and to return to his room, but he doesn’t. Instead, Dean stays exactly where he is, and he absolutely doesn’t look away. It’s a staring contest and Castiel can play it for as long as Dean can.
is, no matter how badly she wants to. For all she knows, maybe Cas is Sam’s wife and she goes where he goes?
Well, it looks like she doesn’t hate him. That’s a load off Castiel’s shoulders and a tear does slip out – though it’s one of relief. “Thank you, maman. That – it means a lot to me that you’re still willing to talk to me, unlike certain people.”
That brings a frown to Dean’s lips.
Castiel tries his best not to pout. So far, he is absolutely certain that he prefers having Dean above him and he was hoping for more of that. But, if this really will be easier for them, then he supposes that he should do it, right? He moves out of the way to let Dean lie down in his place, waiting to be told where Dean wants him to be. Is he going to sit over Dean’s stomach? His lap? It will have to be someplace where Dean will still be able to reach his –
, right? If they hadn’t started doing this, he would still just be a friend – a roommate.
At least Sam respects his boundaries. Castiel watches him duck into Dean’s bedroom to get the towel and that gives him a good look at Dean at the end of the hallway. He’s still a little flushed and Castiel
someone I
Now his other eyebrow arches up with the first.
Castiel spreads his arms in a helpless gesture.
Even though his brain is stalling out on words, Dean’s body knows exactly what to do. By the time he catches up with what’s happening, he’s leaning in and Cas is meeting him in the middle and they’re
ask Cas to marry him if he thought he stood any sort of chance.
went well, but some new hire (not her) screwed up
“Am I forgiven?”
The next two drawers are fairly full with his pants and the pajamas. But the bottom drawers have been home to a few sweaters that he’s found to take up too much space when he hangs them. Castiel pulls them out and stacks them in a spare space on the shelf above all his clothes. Either he’ll leave them there or he’ll find another place for them. But now Dean has a whole empty drawer to himself.
Finally, Castiel turns around to stare Dean down. It looks like his hints have been well received. Dean is looking at him like he did that pie he was given earlier. His eyes are hungry, his mouth open, and a flush rising in his cheeks. It’s everything Castiel wants and more, but he has to wait for Dean to take his jacket off. Castiel’s fingers twitch at his sides as he waits for just a little longer – for Dean to take a step closer to him. And that is the moment when his willpower truly breaks.
He doesn't even have his browser open yet and Castiel is already being distracted by his thoughts. The whole reason he sat down at his laptop was to search up on sexuality, not for him to waste time sitting here thinking about how overprotective his older brother can be. With a great deal of effort, Castiel puts Gabriel and his altogether unfounded issues with Dean out of his head. His laptop has fully turned on and with a few clicks of his mouse, Google is open in front of him - ready and waiting for his search.
“Going somewhere, Sammy?”
“I think we were discussing about bringing that up with Cas at dinner tonight.” Sam adds his voice to the conversation. “I promise that I’m not going to let Dean sneak out in the middle of the night again.”
- bottom!Cas
Slowly, Dean turns in his chair to glance at him. "D'you promise not to make fun of me?"
This method of Dean taking a small step forward and then Castiel hopping into place next to him takes
, after all. Taking pictures is a hobby and its only use is to pass what little free time he has outside of studying. That is the path laid out before him and it's the only one Castiel can walk if he doesn't want to get on his father's bad side. He was there when Father learned that Gabriel was choosing a different career than the one planned for him and it was frightening. Castiel doesn't want to be any part of that again.
. So much for keeping their relationship out of the office.
. The pet names, the cracking jokes and sass, the animated discussions about his passions, the talking him through panic attacks. Dean has his quiet moments, but he’s more open and freer with the people he cares about. He
“Yeah, can’t go disappointing
happy about that. Cas is hard and hot in his pants and doing wonderfully with rocking against Dean.
Without changing his position too much, Castiel holds up a hand with his index and thumb about a half-inch apart. “Just a little bit.”
? It’s him they’ve hurt the most. Right now, Dean couldn’t care less about what the Council and the colony will think of this. Yes, of course that matters and it matters
“Please.” He turns from the cupboard and gestures at the doorway to the dining room. “Sit down. I’ll be right back.”
time (the kind of person time that most married couples like to enjoy together) only to hear the front door open and that
“I met him when I dropped your wallet off. Didn’t Anna tell you?”
Dean shares a look with Castiel, and when he nods, Dean grins brightly. “Yeah, okay!”
“What a day, huh?” Dean closes his locker with his red leather jacket in hand. He looks at Castiel with a tired grin. “Got any plans for the evening?”
With the way the fang-fin live their lives, age is an important thing. The older you are, then it’s more likely than you’re a pretty damn good fighter. Bobby and Ellen are some of the oldest members of the colony right now – and they’re some of the best fighters, obviously. They might not officially be elders
. It makes the very air vibrate and Dean slaps his hands over his ears for what good it does him. His head feels like it’s going to explode, and then there’s
protective of the pregnant animals – Sassafras in particular, given her history. She’s pretty sensitive and hasn’t been handling her failed foalings well. Any unexpected surprises, like a visit from a stranger and his toddler, could stress her out.
Is she joking?
. Castiel settles into his mind with his mental shields down, giving as good as he is getting. He is, perhaps, a little surprised to find that their mental compatibility is equal, if not greater, to their physical. And yet, Castiel almost expected it.
about this that he feels a little like he’s owed something here. Of course Castiel will understand if Dean really doesn’t want to tell him, but he would
Well, that’s better than the soup Castiel was going to have for lunch. He can’t really make much more than that without burning something. It’s a part of his upbringing that irks him. His food has always been prepared for him and Castiel is having difficulty adjusting to making it himself.
don’t like them. You don’t even
“Good luck.”
his smile, Castiel hopes that he can hear it. “Your scars don’t bother me. They never have.” He pulls lightly at Dean’s arm until he can coax him closer to the bed too. “I was asking for
“Take as long as you need.” Castiel presses a kiss into his hair. “I’ll be right here when you want to talk about it, or if you need back-up to go confront him.”
afternoon there as soon as I’ve finished with my work. These calls are very important and I –”
Now his curiosity reaches its limit and Castiel pins Dean with a frown. “Why do you keep doing that? Every time Sam mentions your dad, you get –” He gestures at the way Dean is glaring at Sam.
“Shit, I miss him already.” Sam sighs beside him.
They’ve kissed before. A number of times, in fact, but they’ve never actually
Whatever’s been holding Dean back so far finally snaps and there’s nothing stopping him now. With a snarl on his lips and his tail knocking against the wall of the cavern, he throws himself forward. Sam makes a move to stop him and Dean twists to the side, using his hands to help pull himself around a stone column. He uses them to his advantage, ducking under and around them when Jess makes a grab to stop him or Bobby tries to do the same. Sam is trying to catch up on Dean, following close to his tail.
now. Castiel actually likes Dean, to some extent. It would hurt just as much as if it were a bright-fin if anything happened to him on the battlefield.
Jess nods and her next yawn isn’t muffled. “Yeah.”
and Castiel knows better to ask. They immediately moved from
Goddammit. Cas
He is well aware of how
To add to his point, Jess holds out her hand to show off the ring. It’s a simple band with a single colourful gemstone that Castiel thinks might be an opal. Jess never would have settled for anything as simple as a diamond and it suits her perfectly. “It’s beautiful.”
Dean can’t help rocking his hips against the bedspread, seeking some form of friction. He was
He needs to focus on the
After a block, the message is received. Dean carefully slides their fingers together and Castiel can actually
’s final day, he might as well go in a full suit.
Anna turns the entire ocean on his head when she shrugs and glances at the other.
The small smile that barely edges onto Cas’s lips only hurts Dean more.
As if on cue, the buzzer next to the door goes off. Dean leans over and presses the microphone button. “Hello?” He quickly switches to holding down the speaker button, making it crackle and pop like only old buildings can do.
Of all things, Castiel wasn’t expecting the heated leather of the leash to brush against his erection as Dean continues to move upwards. It catches him by surprise and he sucks it a sharp breath at the feeling. That makes Dean pause, but it’s only for a moment before he returns to kissing across Castiel’s chest. He mouths over his nipples while his fingers deftly loosen the tie still hanging around his neck. It’s one of the last things he has to take off.
The longer Castiel lets himself be afraid, the more likely it is that Dean will get tired of waiting. And what happens then? They spend a lot of time apart. What if Dean meets someone else on his travels and he just – What if he likes them more? The same thing could happen even if they’re in a relationship and it’s downright terrifying. Castiel doesn’t think Dean is that kind of person, but – but
hot. Do you get what I’m saying?”
Castiel raises and eyebrow and glances at their hands. “Yes, Dean?”
after a hunt, then he might have teleportation powers like Anna does.
“That depends on whether or not you mean that we’re deviating from the plans that Gabriel made for us.” He hopes they’re not doing anything else. He doesn’t plan to be out much later than after the movie ends. “We have a reservation for 8:30pm and the movie starts at 10:30pm.” And it’s already eight o’clock. If they don’t get going soon, they’re going to be late.
a thousand times, and he’s no closer to coming to a decision. It’s both nice and horrible that Dean is giving him the space to make the decision on his own. Castiel
But Sam hasn’t missed a fight yet. Why now? Is it because of their spat this morning and the other day? Usually they always go into battle together so they can watch each other’s backs, no matter what they’re feeling. That argument with Sam earlier is the only reason that Dean didn’t wait for him before heading into the fray all on his own. He should have waited, but he didn’t, so he’ll accept the blame for that one. But shouldn’t Sam have been in the middle of the colony with the fish-givers when about the time when the call went out?
thing than it would to get from my bedroom on my own.” He knows he’s sulking, and he knows he’s being a brat as he turns his nose up at the crutch, but he just can’t stop it.
The patient nods several times, though the movements of his head are loose and bouncy – as if he’s having trouble keeping it upright. He holds his hand out, though it also wobbles in the air. “M’name’s Dean Winchester. Nice t’meet’cha.”
sexual dream about him – and a week of suppressed imaginings. Would all of that bundled together qualify as sexual desire? Is Castiel only going to get an answer to all these questions if he’s actually able to
Not to Dean’s knowledge. That would be something the entire colony would be informed about. When Dean doesn’t have an answer for that, Sam points at him with a burst of triumph through the kin-connection.
Balthazar closes his mouth only open it again in astonishment at her.
Castiel looks out the passenger door window and counts each breath; unsure why
– No. Nope.
It hadn’t occurred to him that he was hiding so much from Dean. That alone wouldn’t be so bad. But the sheer fact that he
The squint becomes a pout and it’s probably the cutest fucking thing Dean has ever seen. His heart does this weird swoopy thing in his chest and he pulls Cas closer, burrowing his face into his hair again so it doesn’t show on his face what a fucking
At this point, Castiel barely knows what he likes about touching himself. He would hardly consider himself a connoisseur of masturbation – even though he’s been doing that a
the time and Castiel can hardly wait for when he’ll be able to stretch his unused muscles again.
did Dean just call him? He looks up at him slowly, trying very hard to comprehend exactly
. Dean nods and turns away, his goodbye brief before he cuts the kin-connection and leaves Castiel in silence. Some of the fang-fin wave as they start swimming away.
He muffles a yawn and tucks his face into the side of Dean’s neck. “Tired.” Castiel wiggles until he’s comfortable; throwing a leg over Dean’s and getting as close as physically possible. “Sleep.”
have anything of
“Shush.” Castiel brings up a hand to blindly paw at Dean’s face until he can cover his mouth. “
. It’s not the same whenever he hugs Anna or when they sit together on the couch. This is different.
That must mean that Cas’s wounds are healing. There’s an itch at the back of Dean’s mind begging him to ask how they’re doing, but he’s not so sure that it would be right of him to ask to check them out. Isn’t that kind of a personal thing? Besides, Cas made it here on his own. Which means he can swim. And that means that he’s obviously feeling better, right? Yeah, probably. Dean feeds that to the itch and he can only hope that it’ll satisfy it.
With a sigh, Dean leans down and presses a kiss to Castiel’s chest. It’s a bit of surprise and he takes a deep breath. But then Dean sits up again to kiss and nibble along his jaw. He nuzzles the base of Castiel’s side-fan as all form of images start to flood the kin-connection. The clarity in them is unexpected and Castiel physically jerks in surprise at them.
The embrace quickly turns into another wrestling match as Dean tries to force Castiel to the sea floor in an attempt to pin him.
Oh Lord, Castiel prays that it just doesn’t get worse. If this is already difficult to handle, he can’t even begin to imagine how impossible it will be if his attraction gets any stronger. It actually kind of scares him, though he isn’t frightening by it nearly as much as he is by the realization that he feels more for Dean then he has anyone else in his entire life. Of course it’s nice that he no longer has to worry about being broken, since he clearly isn’t. Castiel knows now that he never actually was because being asexual doesn’t mean that that one is broken. That’s just the way they are and there’s nothing wrong with it.
deeper than Castiel originally thought it did. Since most of the tattoo is still visible,
Cas sighs as he twirls a French fry through the little bowl of ketchup that came with his meal. “It’s really not want I want to be doing, but I haven’t gained enough ground towards my real goal yet for it to be enough to support me.”
It’s fairly cold by the time the movie is over; a chill definitely setting in. They’ve pulled the blanket up to their shoulders by then, huddling together under it with their scarves pulled up over their noses. Even though they’re wearing mittens, Dean’s hand is unbearably warm in his; curled together under the blanket between them.
knowing, but now I see that isn’t true.”
Aches and pains are flaring to life all over, highlighting just how out of shape he is. His forehead is red and scratched, and his nose is equally red – though the bleeding has long since stopped. Castiel vows to work out more as he stretches his right wing and winces at the pain in the base of it. There’s a similar ache building in the base of the left one, and isn’t that just peachy? That’s all he needs for the long drive ahead of them tomorrow. He’ll load up on painkillers in the morning and hopefully that will help make it a comfortable ride.
Dean steps out of the way to let him into the room, resisting the urge to bounce on the balls of his feet. It’s been a while since he’s seen Cas and he looks as good as always. Cas gives the room a cursory glance before leaning his staff up against the wall. It probably means absolutely nothing that it’s propped next to Dean’s armor at the end of
With his bottom lip caught between his teeth, Dean tosses the condom out of sight and grabs Castiel's hips. He lines up, pushes in, and Castiel agrees with every swear that Dean hisses around his teeth. The condom hides half of Dean's heat. It's like he's burning Castiel from the inside out. In this one moment, he wants nothing more than to never have either of them wear a condom again when they have sex together. Especially when Dean leans over him again, hands by his shoulders, and picks up his nearly brutal pace once again.
That’s a good point, but Castiel doesn’t particularly like it.
find them first, but that’s neither here nor there.
After taking a deep breath to calm himself, Castiel knocks softly on the door. It swings open a couple inches and he steps into that space. “Dean? May I speak with you?”
As soon as the walls drop and he dips into the colony’s shared kin-connection, Dean regrets it. He winces at the clamour of voices. Hundreds of voices and endless questions. Fang-fin usually hide their emotions, but Dean can feel tremors of fear, worry, and so much confusion that it almost hurts to feel. The first fang-fin to notice his presence in the kin-connection points it out to everyone. Voices go quiet as it spreads and Dean waits for complete silence before he says anything – then he wishes he didn’t.
“Psychic with a fun sprinkling of telepathy to make it exciting.” Dean tilts his head to flash him a grin in the firelight. “So you gotta know that they’re
“Get what over with?”
And, once again, Cas goes still. What could it have been now?
missing the point. Who I associate isn’t your decision. Neither is where I live or who I live with. I refuse to move, and I will not tolerate you speaking ill of my friends.”
But, eventually, he turns a bend and catches another couple scents left over in the still water. He recognizes Sam and Jess immediately. Their scents are as familiar to him as his own. But there’s another one mixed in too. There’s even more of it here, meaning whoever it belongs to has been here for a lot longer than either of them. But whose is it? The scent is unfamiliar. It’s not anyone that Dean knows and he’s pretty sure that his friends don’t know anyone that he doesn’t.
Swirly-blue is the damning evidence of what they’ve done and that could cost Dean his little brother. He can’t allow that. No matter what happens from here on out, he
his boyfriend, after all.
They both stare at each other for a long stretch of time before Benny clears his throat and shakes out his paper. “I’ll pretend I don’t know you and I won’t tell anyone I saw you, if you don’t tell Dean this is my second job. Deal?”
be able to go outside during the molt. But then Castiel would still run the risk of having them
Cas hesitates before he shakes his head.
“Because I’m
Dean snorts and rolls his eyes. “Weren’t you kinda just chewing me out for something a little like judging a book by its cover? Just because you dress like a nerd doesn’t mean that you can’t kick ass at football.” He throws his hands in the air. “But
Art by
that he had put enough water in when he was boiling them, but it didn’t turn out quite like he wanted it to. Dean refuses to let Castiel try cooking anything now, and Gabriel’s horror stories didn’t really help matters much when he had stopped by to actually thank Dean and Sam in person for allowing Castiel to stay here.
of the
, but his heart sinks when he recognizes the curse immediately.
A dark, bitter taste spreads across the back of Dean’s tongue and he nods.
Then Dean is gone and Castiel isn’t sure
It’s not more than a few days after their argument when the opportunity to tell his parents presents itself. Granted, the opportunity comes in the form of a day off for the both of them and a date night for Sam and Jess. As much as he loves having one of his best friends around, this is likely not going to go very well and it’s something that he and Dean are going to need to handle in private. It’s hard to do that when Sam is only one wall away from them.
of him to get up and Castiel resigns himself to sitting next to Dean for the meal.
Just knowing what he knows about his boss, Mr. Adler, he knows that it’s going to be an exorbitant party with fancy food in tiny portions. Everyone is probably going to show up in fancy clothes that have no business being on a ranch. Depending on the type of music, they could spook the animals if it gets too loud and God help them if the milking cows get agitated. Dean will
At the prevailing silence, Castiel looks up, confused. Dean is staring down at him with an inscrutable expression, though his face is growing steadily redder. It reaches a cherry red by the time he looks away.
decisions.
Castiel slaps her hand away and reaches blindly to shove at her. “Stop harassing my friends. They have lives of their own and jobs to do.”
Jess puts a hand on his shoulder and leans over to look into the pot. “Looks like you’ve got most of the lumps out, but you definitely need to add more milk and butter.”
Honestly? Better than expected. Dean is kind of proud of himself for it, actually.
happy.
No wonder they get along so well with the children. They’re basically kids themselves.
Castiel focuses on what is written about angel wings. Miss Rose seems to know it off by heart, as she says it all out loud every time he turns a page. “Did you know that angel wings are most often associated to the spiritual?” She keeps her voice soft and soothing. “It’s like a higher evolution of the soul.
Dean stares at him for a moment before he nods and drops onto his elbows. He pulls the blanket up in his arms and hides his face in it. That’s as good permission as Castiel is going to get, but it also pulses anger through him. Even in this position Dean is closed off to him. Despite his arousal, he’s shut himself down and withdrawing. Castiel can feel everything they’ve built together over the last few months starting to crumble and he hates it. He hates it and he blames himself for being too much of a coward to say something about it.
“You sure your Pop Pop is okay with us staying at his place?”
Sam nods and the kin-connection is full of his surety.
“It – it was?” Dean makes a shocked noise and steps closer.
soft. No, no. This is not the time to think about it. He’s about to ask a
and a cold wet nose bumps against Dean’s cheek. That’s followed with a quick lick. Dean snorts and shoves Cas back.
“The cold doesn’t bother him anyway.” He looks over his shoulder and raises his eyebrow at Castiel, as if surprised that he doesn’t understand.
He sighs and huddles a little deeper under his blanket before he responds.
the Council is actually going to
“Hit the road to… where?” Sam’s hands are dripping soapy water on the floor and Castiel ignores it for the time being.
and he watches a droplet of water take a trek from his collarbone down the planes of his chest, diverting along the rough paths caused by the scars.
Castiel’s heart jumps in his chest. It feels like it’s crawling up into his throat and he has to swallow it back down. Dean can’t possibly mean that in the quasi-literal sense that it’s Castiel’s turn to – No, that’s unlikely. He probably means that he’ll have to stay on his back and Castiel will just have to ride him. It’s not one of his most favourite positions, but it’ll suffice in a pinch. Truthfully, Castiel much prefers having Dean on top of him. Whether for kissing, cuddling, or sex. There’s just something altogether pleasing about having a solid weight against him. And he doesn’t get that when he’s above Dean.
He shrugs and gives Dean’s hand a squeeze. “I enjoyed myself.”
Anna sucks in a sharp breath just as Dean glances back to glare at Sam. She covers her mouth with her hands briefly be gesturing sharply at him. “Why would you
for the weekend. She’s got a girls night planned tomorrow with her group of friends. They’re each bringing a bottle of wine and they plan to make it through it all while gossiping, watching horror movies, playing a few board games, and turning Lisa’s living room into a giant bed so everyone can sleep over. They only have a night like this once or twice a year and she is
Dean shakes his head and starts swimming again.
“Are you sure? We could –”
He's beautiful.
pleased with himself as Castiel vaults the back of the couch and straddles his lap. His glare is set to maximum as he places his hands on the back of the couch on either side of Dean’s head and leans in until they’re nose to nose. “How
love my models.” Considering that the only people he took pictures of are Dean, Jess, and Sam, he had figured that would be fairly obvious.
and Castiel has never been more grateful to have them.
with curiosity as he glances between the two of them. Miraculously, he actually jumps to the wrong conclusion. “You’re not trying to talk him into moving out too, are you?”
Even still, he’s going to opt to keep his coat on for the meal. It might seem weird, but it’s what makes him comfortable.
With a shrug Dean squeezes Castiel’s shoulders again. “Fine. It’ll be just us and we’ll do it while you’re out at basketball practice or some shit.” He stops and turns a hopeful look to Castiel. It’s one that makes his insides flutter and he had to fight not to blush. “If you want to?”
“You could come with, but I won’t let you
Mary’s shoulders are too stiff and her spine too straight. She looks back and forth between the two of them. “You two are a – a
constitute a date. I expect you to woo me appropriately.”
. The forms consist of hundreds of little boxes, but only certain ones need to be filled out and it’s not that hard to do if you’re actually paying attention.
Castiel pulls back, ready to explain. “Dean –”
He actually has the audacity to
, and he doubts that anyone else in the world could make him feel this good. God, but even the
. He’s practically a Vulcan in that he always has a pretty logical reason for whatever it is that he’s doing.
“I am
Michael raises an eyebrow and something like amusement burns through the kin-connection from Anna and Balthazar. They immediately hide that before Castiel can chastise them for it. But he still turns a dark glare on them.
With a quiet swear muttered under his breath, Castiel brushes past him to head down the hall. It’s not enough to make him change his mind, but he’s definitely not looking forward to
He doesn’t think Dean believes him. There’s doubt in his voice when he speaks again. “Are you sure? I mean, if we crossed a line or something and you were uncomfortable with it, I’ll understand if you tell me to go fuck myself.” Now he’s actually starting to sound a little nervous. “I’ll never bring it up again and we can just keep going on like this never –”
Dean tosses the chicken wire into the back of the truck and closes the tailgate. “Donna, Donna,
much.
“I shouldn’t.” Castiel shakes his head and steps back again. “They’re your birthday pancakes.”
Now this next bit might be a little dangerous. It requires Castiel to swim the line between what is and isn’t allowed of him as a colony member. But it won’t be the first time he’s disagreed with something Raphael has said. Though he might get in trouble for pointedly calling him out on it.
Was that why he got a slice of apple pie today? That makes Castiel curious about what the special was. And how did Dean know that he would like the pie? He likely didn’t and just assumed he would. After all, who
By the time he shrugs out of his coat and lets it drop on the floor, Dean is grinning. He looks
now. They have both admitted to wanting to date each other and that means they’re together, right? If they’re together, then nothing in the past really matters, does it?
“Alright. You ready to do this?”
?” Gabriel hisses through the door and jiggles the handle, making the whole thing rattle in its frame. “Cassie, I need to
“I hate them.” Castiel hunches his shoulders and his wings fold in tight against his back. “You said I have a
“We didn’t go to a movie on our first date.” Castiel allows himself to be led in and towards their table where they ate a year ago today. “That was when we went to that other diner while Sam was out of town.” And that wasn’t technically a date.
of what he wants. The vibrator feels more solid than anything else he’s ever had in him. It feels immoveable and weird and wonderful all at once. He can hardly wait to feel what it’s going to be like when it gets turned
“There was no flapping involved, so I think, technically, I glided? Glid?” He frowns. “I’m not sure of the correct grammar. I –”
Mother interrupts him again, this time with a laugh. “You will be amazing at it, mon chouchou.”
. It catches him by surprise and it’s like a blow to his chest, knocking the air out of him.
like that.”
about me. I’m in my thirties, for God’s sake.”
Surprise has Castiel’s fans flaring wide; his adipose fins rippling wildly along his tail.
Castiel reaches the edge of the bed before he realizes that Dean isn’t there. That’s not right. He’s supposed to be there. Castiel isn’t supposed to wake up
A dry laugh bubbles out of Sam and he shakes his head. “Right, right. You could’ve thrown him off without batting an eyelash.”
He slips away from her again and forces a smile that even Castiel can tell is horribly fake.
But even that isn’t enough to dampen how excited he is to be back here again. Now he knows what else needs to be fixed within his own colony and he can start with his own garrison. Anna shouldn’t be too hard to convince to get her to make her own garrison stop too. And Balthazar might not lead his own, but he has some sway with his companions. The other three garrisons will require some more work, but Castiel is confident that he’ll be able to do it – especially with Lucifer, Michael, and Gabriel on his side. Once he actually manages to completely sway them.
gesture that it really drives home the current predicament Team Free Will has found itself in.
“It’s nothing.” And perhaps he would sound more convincing if his voice wasn’t two octaves too high.
There’s no official fire pit at this campsite, and Castiel doesn’t much feel like gathering tinder in the growing dark, so he grabs the collapsible solar light he keeps strapped to the outside of his pack and sets it up between them. It’s not very bright, but it’s better than nothing.
Sam drops into the open chair next to Castiel. “The popular theory among most of the students is that Bobby is actually a robot and he just plugs in to recharge while he’s working.”
– he lets go of his legs. As expected, they drop and fold around his hips, though it happens on a relieved sigh. Poor Dean. He must be sore after holding his legs up like that for so long. Castiel should do something to ease that.
