Sherlock's brows furrowed. "I don't understand. You like dogs. At New Scotland Yard station, you're always petting the officers' dogs and sneaking them treats you bring when no one's looking."
John broke away from the kiss despite the despairing whine of protest Sherlock made and tightened his grip on the alpha, keeping him at bay when he attempted to dive back down and re-enact their kiss.
John’s cock was thick, nearly as thick as Sherlock's, something unusual for omegas, but his length was average for an omega, smaller than an alpha and beta, 5.5 inches. John never really cared about his size—he wasn’t made for breeding, only birthing pups. Every time his fertility was tested, he scored higher than average; exceptionally fertile was what he’d always been told. His gynecologist was most certain he’d birth as many pups as his alpha’s virility would allow. A grade 'A' omega.
“Oh, Sherlock! We were wondering when you would arrive. Come sit, eat.” Mrs. Holmes giggled, finding something amusing about the situation and John was at a loss as to what.
Sherlock looked away as John rushed the remaining distance to their flat. Turning away from the window, Sherlock left the living area, slammed the door to his bedroom and fell back onto his bed. Staring up at the ceiling, Sherlock picked up the rattling of keys from a distance and the muffled sound of the shutting front door as John entered the flat.
“What? Why?” Harry’s brows furrowed with bewilderment.
Sherlock blanched. He could deny it, but it would be for nothing. Mycroft didn't phrase it as a question. It was a statement of truth that he believed strongly.
Mrs. Hudson knocked on the door and asked John to come out to have dinner. John didn’t care to eat, but he wanted to see Mrs. Hudson. He’d only had one visitor when in hospital and that was Mycroft. Mycroft had been remorseful and he should be; John blamed Mycroft for… what happened to his mate.
. John had made Sherlock into a bawdy deviant and now the suppressants were barely helping.
John blinked his eyes quickly, holding back the emotions willing themselves to spill over.
John glanced up from his book when he heard shuffling as Sherlock re-emerged from his bedroom, face wet with sweat and wearing a white sheet wrapped around his body. Revealing one bare shoulder, arm, and one lean leg.
Gregory frowned against Mycroft's skin, but couldn't pull away from his scenting.
"Mycroft."
Ella smiled, glad to hear John’s alpha was so nurturing.
John’s tear-stained eyes snapped open as a bloodcurdling scream ripped from out of him. Thrashing around, trying to remove the hands tightening their hold on his arms, John sobbed, terrified.
Sherlock answered with a brief nod and seated himself across from John. As John ate in the comforting stillness, he noticed Sherlock glaring down at his plate, picking at his eggs, tossing it around. Forking a mouthful, Sherlock raised it partly, pausing for long moments as if lost in thought. John was perplexed, and he nearly jumped, startled, when Sherlock slammed his fork on the plate; the clatter of metal a shock in the stillness. Sherlock’s piercing eyes meeting his gaze with purpose.
All at once John went still, mid-thrust, a sharp and shaking grunt breaking free before he was pounding into Sherlock,
Hushed giggles and whispers broke through the silence, hundreds of guests having observed everything. Sherlock answered John’s pleading stare with an angry huff, and stormed down the aisle and towards the mansion.
And there, again that strange feeling in the center of his chest made its reappearance.
John texted before he turned and entered the building.
“Upstairs.”
of you.” Victor stressed ‘both’ with his blue eyes fixed on John, before turning and leaving their table.
"Sherlock!" John demanded to know what the bloody hell possessed his husband to walk around their flat naked with only a piece of cloth to cover him.
time."
"Sherlock?" John voice was filled with care that undid something within, and suddenly Sherlock didn't care that this was wrong. Everything he ever needed, all the repressed wants of his omega were being answered by the presence and care of his one and only mate, his John.
Sherlock kissed the underside of John's neck, scenting the beautiful musk of his husband and mate. Milky white spunk spraying their stomachs wet, staining them in his essence all the while John stained Sherlock's womb with his seed, sperm fertilizing more of his eggs.
He'd originally wished to rest, but now he didn't think that was going to happen with the way John was responding.
John’s eyes lowered to the ground, face feeling hot and he was unsure as to why.
John watched as long dark lashes fluttered and pale gray eyes revealed themselves, staring at him in a daze, a grin spread over pale lips. John wanted to kiss the hell out of those thin lips, bruise them, claim them as his own, but he wanted to fuck Sherlock more.
“Or what?” Mycroft goaded.
John said nothing, unsure if it would cost him.
Sherlock mutely watched as John entered the home once more and began opening every window, before disappearing inside the kitchen. The sound of dishes clanging and water running could then be heard, and Sherlock felt like an utter failure.
” John snarled, feeling the sudden urge to leap across the desk and punch the smugly grinning mediator.
. Anything happening opposite?”
“Check the map and make sure we’re still on rout.” Sherlock mumbled.
Sherlock’s cock felt hot to the touch, it was a beautiful red, and twitched with its plea and John wanted to answer Sherlock’s needs. Laving wetly along the lengthy shaft, John craned his neck and pressed his forehead against Sherlock’s stomach all while mouthing the wet crown of his husband’s gorgeous erection.
"For a whore who has slept with so many people, does that mean you can kiss?"
Turning back to Angelo, John expressed his gratitude with a breathless, “Er, thank you. Thank you.”
John rubbed at his temples as Sherlock acknowledged their waitress and made their orders. This had been a long few days and it was getting longer still.
The alpha bowed his head, releasing a heavy breath and slowly raised his eyes to meet John’s own, as if coming to a decision. Scanning the area around them as if looking for something, Sherlock swallowed thickly before he made his way to stand before John.
So for the time being, that meant his flat was safe. If the alpha had it his way, he might sell it and force Sherlock to go back to that townhouse. Right now Sherlock's flat was his one safe place. But he couldn't stay forever, pacing the floors in contemplation, he knew he needed to do something. He needed to clear his mind of these daunting thoughts and focus on something else.
"I..." John stopped and bowed his head, staring at his folded hands resting on his lap as he worked out the words lodged in his throat.
Gregory wasn’t even mad at Jean for being unfaithful, because although he’d never physically been unfaithful, he’d accepted that a certain government official had long since stolen his heart.
“Sherlock texted me.” Angelo said, explaining his presence, and smiling broadly he held up John’s cane for the omega to take.
The horse leaned close to the bars of the stable and John desperately wanted to touch the beauty. Staring up into the horse’s honey brown eyes, John lifted a hand out slowly, allowing the horse to take notice of his presence and his intention, before he laid his hand with all the gentleness on the horse’s side.
“I… I’ll behave.” Sherlock whispered, afraid if he spoke any louder, he’d squeak his response.
Sherlock whined in the back of his throat. His body heat rising still, yet when John collapsed on top of him, Sherlock embraced him tightly. He took in more heat from his alpha and shuddered against him as he came, ropes and ropes of cum splattering between their stomachs and further soaking Sherlock's body. Sherlock huffed a gust of moist air across the curve of John’s neck. Kneading John’s strained shoulders and back, Sherlock smiled when John nuzzled the hair behind his ear. Sherlock let John lay against him, it was a pleasant comfort in the fog of his heat, whimpering softly as he felt the familiar fullness of compacting sperm filling him to the brink, and still John was coming. There was no doubt in Sherlock’s mind he’d been impregnated. John was virile and Sherlock was an omega. Omegas were well known for being fertile and soon after he’d stopped taking suppressants he’d seen his physician to test his fertility. He had been reassured by his doctor that he was more than able to produce a healthy litter.
John couldn’t speak. Words were lost to him. How… Why…
"I'll make dinner." John called from the hallway.
"Come now. He's a lovely omega."
Mycroft didn’t want him though, not even after learning Gregory was divorced and
A hand pressed to his shoulder and squeezed lightly, a hard body pressed against his own before John's arms wrapped around him and embraced him with affection.
“Too long have I allowed you to control my life.”
Status: Omega
“Did you?” Sherlock replied coolly. “What did you think?”
"Love, please." John sounded pained, near tears, and that hurt Sherlock more than he cared to admit.
Sherlock’s jaw visibly flexed in his clenching and his body became taut with tension.
"It was either that or you being stuck shopping with your mother."
.” Sherlock murmured, leaned down to nuzzle John’s hair and scented him.
A wretched sob broke from John, fists raising up to press tightly against his head as he struggled to come up with a way to fix this, but there was no way to fix what was erased.
"I need someone who understands me, and Victor is one of the only people that understands how I feel."
“And my client is?”
~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~
The knotting in Gregory’s stomach felt worse now. This really didn’t feel right. Heather was good looking, nice, and he wanted her, but he couldn’t settle the alpha within. His inner alpha’s hair stood on end, taking on a threatening stance. The alpha didn’t like her. It felt wrong to be with her.
Sherlock stilled his movements and turned to face John.
Sherlock ignored the voices.
Sherlock was horny. Raging with hormones. How could he stop himself when all he smelled was the sweetness of his John's alpha pheromones? Sherlock had lost his mind weeks ago. That was the only reason why he'd given up trying to have an afternoon nap in his own bed and opted for rolling around in John's own.
“Um...” John was unsure what to say, slowly reaching out and taking the flowers from the alpha.
“I said I agree to your terms.”
"I had two omega drops!"
“I did.” Sherlock shot out proudly.
"I... told John about what happened and..."
“Why would I want to have dinner if I wasn't hungry?”
.” came the breathy murmur as John’s eyes lowered to focus on the pale flesh of Sherlock’s neck and a large hand palmed his cheek.
allowed to go upstairs.
John rolled his eyes, released Sherlock of his hold, and got off the bed.
His alpha’s reaction surprised him and he was unsure how to take it. Most likely he could see she was drunk and didn’t take anything to heart. This pleased John slightly; grateful the alpha understood and wouldn’t hold it against his sister. She was always different when she drank.
“Sherlock.” John voiced with exasperation.
"I... I... mm - I love you." John eyes stung, and dampness broke free when he clamped his eyes shut. Something within gave way to bleeding, his veins pulsed, rushing with pain. It was so difficult to say, and yet at the same time it filled John with warmth. How confusing it was. Confessing ones love hurt, and yet it was heartening.
Sherlock was seated in his leather chair staring at the door expectantly. The moment John entered, Sherlock was standing upright, hopeful. John smiled slightly when the alpha flinched at the force in which he slammed the door. At least he knew John was agitated.
John felt the tears fall then, slowly trailing down his flushed cheeks and John whimpered in sorrow.
“Sherlock,
“Yes.” The omega moaned, burying his head in a pillow and moaning again when the alpha lowered on all fours, plastering his body over the omega’s form.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“But I know it wasn’t what he wanted, because he won’t let go of his past love.”
“The towel!” Sherlock practically snarled spinning and facing John.
His beautiful pure omega... Sherlock was his alone. John hated the possessiveness that many alphas expressed, but this, knowing that Sherlock was his only and that he was Sherlock's in return... It was heartening. John would forever cherish his beautiful husband.
Sherlock stared up at him, blinking back the tears and John was struggling himself, talking about this with the man who'd mended and broke his heart time and time again.
John chuckled and answered with his own confession, “I love you too.”
He could scent his own arousal, even with his nose buried in his pillow, which meant John could smell it too, only much more strongly. His cock was hardening quickly and he couldn't fight back the needs when his pelvis rubbed against the mattress and a pitiful whimper escaped.
“In this situation… There is only one viable option.”
"Mm. Hold me close." Sherlock spoke, turning his head to stare up at John.
"I... I want sex. Lots of it." Sherlock didn't need a mirror to know that his face was most assuredly blazing red.
Another voice warned.
The banging at the door started up again and John gave in when Sherlock refused to rekindle their activities. John glared up at Sherlock whose cold eyes were focused on the door. John discontentedly lowered his leg and he at last released Sherlock.
Sherlock hates how his sight blurs, but he hates the man he's become even more. He needs to take drastic actions to correct himself, but those same actions will cut the line that binds him to the one he loves more than anything.
Anger had come and consumed and Sherlock wanted to punch the alpha. He wanted to pull out his pretty soft blond hair. Tear at his skin with his claws. But that would mean touching him, and right now, Sherlock couldn't tolerate the idea of touching the tainted alpha.
“I don’t think it’s healthy. He needs to… to be around people.”
John’s eyes slid to stare into the dark brown eyes of the doctor as he leaned in low to listen to John’s soft whispers.
John’s omega whined urgently for himself to back down now, sensing the alpha’s displeasure at his words, but John didn’t want to—This Lestrade was going too far.
“You would do that for me?”
Sherlock’s hands skimmed John’s sides, up his chest and down to his thighs. His tongue slinked away from hardened nipples and along his abdomen, tonguing the grooves of his abs, periodically nipping at the fleshy parts.
"Oh is right."
“Let go John, it’s the only way we can move forward.”
"Sherlock."
The familiar ringtone of a cell phone from a distance caused both John and Irene to tense and glance in the direction of the noise.
John glared at the floor, knowing she was right.
Sherlock took several deep breaths, calming himself. He didn’t like it, but understood that this was a game. Only a game, his omega was still his.
"You abort this pregnancy and you will lose John's love."
He didn't remember separating the distance between them, or reaching out to hug him, but he remembered being enveloped in the alpha's pheromones. He remembered shoving his nose at the crook of his alpha's neck and drinking up his scent and the tears he'd smeared on ivory skin.
Sherlock's eyes widened when the massive cock gave a jolt, a fresh glop of pre-cum leaking out. This wasn't going to work. It couldn't possibly fit. Sherlock inwardly flinched away at the thought of their joining. John was going to tear apart his entrance.
“I seem to recall you enjoyed it.”
“Normally, your registration papers would have been sent to a government official and they’d have sent someone to escort you to take your test, then they would have finished registering you into their data base, and sent out your status to registered unbound omegas. You would have been allowed to meet each and choose who would be your mate, but that is not what is happening with you.”
Sherlock ceased his spanking and began to soothingly run his hand over the angry red welts on John's ass. His own palm print marked John's ass in so many places, overlapping each other several dozen times. John's body shook over him - from pain or mortification, Sherlock was unsure, but it didn't matter.
“May I ask why?” Sherlock was rather curious.
"You... hurt me."
John stilled, taking in the seriousness of Sherlock’s words, and nodded his head in acceptance.
John tensed in his seat, before rising from his chair and continued to wait in the living area, while simultaneously listening in as Mrs. Holmes opened the door from a distance. John heard the muffled sound of a chirpy Mrs. Holmes greeting her youngest son. There was the noticeable deep muffled voice that followed and John knew it had to be his intended.
“I love you.” John would gasp out as Sherlock struck his pleasure point.
So Sherlock took hold of his omega’s hand, gave him a look of warning and felt his stomach knot sickeningly when his omega cowered under him, fear and respect demonstrated. Sherlock didn’t want that. He didn’t want to scare his omega into submission. He didn’t want his omega to submit to him. Who was he to make another bow down before him? He wasn’t a king. No. John should be praised for his courage, for being outspoken, strong and a leader. Sherlock should bow to John, give John his obedience.
A wavering moan passed breathlessly from Sherlock, his body quivered, the weight of John's cock felt unbelievably good. John moved with purpose, slow, hard grinding. Sherlock whimpered with the want of it and yet it wasn't enough. Nothing had yet to fill him in the way he wanted.
“Yes?” Sherlock led.
John flushed at the compliment. No one had ever complimented his scent. It was an insecurity of his he'd always been ashamed of. One of the only things he felt he was lacking.
“John…
John buried his head against the crook of Sherlock’s neck, tears smearing, breaths coming out short and pained.
“Instead of what?”
, has an omega?” John could hardly believe what he was hearing.
John didn’t want to talk about this anymore, but now that they were, he needed Sherlock to understand that although he hated the hypocrisy of their marriage, if… in the future Sherlock wanted to be with another—although, it didn’t feel okay, he would accept it.
Sherlock felt only slight remorse when his father looked at him as he did now, with horrified understanding. His father never pressured him to marry or mate an omega, but he’d always wished for Sherlock to know the joys of fatherhood.
"Don't act so agreeable. If I knew you were this easy, I'd have settled with a compliment and be done with it."
“This is a matter of the highest security and therefore of trust.” Mycroft elaborated.
Sherlock was patient as John aligned himself properly so that his knees bent just under his ass, and his pelvis rested at Sherlock’s center near his hole producing a pool of slick, dampening his ass, the sheets, and what he suspected was John’s knees. While he waited, Sherlock ran a hand over the now cool cum covering his abdomen and cock in their combined cum. Coating his hand in the thick goopy substance, he stroked his weeping cock. He was delighted when John paused to watch him, his eyes smoldering with want. Sweat beaded along Sherlock's hairline, face and chest, heat at an unhealthy high. Sherlock didn’t care about that when he could see John losing himself at the sight of Sherlock touching his own cock. He hardly ever got the opportunity as John always took hold of him. John liked giving pleasure and didn’t much like Sherlock pleasing himself when that was the alpha’s duty. Though, rubbing John and his spunk together on his length, further scenting Sherlock’s most private of areas as John’s property was a kink that excited the doctor.
John gently pulled away from Sherlock and raised a brow in question.
John wanted to be filled and knotted more. His omega was screeching for him to find his mate and let himself be claimed. John slept through the beginning stages of his heat and was now being blasted with the urge to copulate. The enormous amount of slick he’d produced soaked his pants and trousers thoroughly. Palming the mattress under him, John found it equally wet.
.” John needed, and, leaving Sherlock no time to react, he hauled the taller man against his chest and buried his face in the crook of his omega’s neck.
Mary didn't turn around to wave a last goodbye; she hurried her way to the taxi and got in. John scented the tears in the air before her door shut and felt a heaviness in his heart. Mary loved him and John would forever feel heartened that a strong woman like her had, but she would find love again. John believed that more than anything. Someone like Mary deserved to find love. Everyone made mistakes in their lives, but at least Mary was amending hers.
John’s eyes stung, but it was just the remaining scent of onions he’d chopped earlier to make the chili.
John stomped his foot and swallowed past the lump in his throat. "I wanted you not to be dead."
"What?"
. I get it. You’re in pain too, but I can’t sympathize with you, when, because of you, I’m… I’m empty.” John regretfully confessed, tremulous.
“Truly. I’m a genius, you know.” Sherlock said arrogantly and John laughed again, heartily.
From then on, the alpha seemed to lose himself to instinct, thrusting hard and fast. Pounding in the omega, rutting, it was so…so… Just so wild, feral, animalistic and John knew he should be disgusted, appalled that this omega liked it, wanted it, but...
… We…” Sherlock broke in, unsure what to say, rut having been calmed with breeding; Sherlock was more aware of everything.
Sherlock hadn't wanted
"I need to tell you something, Sherlock. I just..." John began, unable to clearly voice his thoughts.
“I know you want children, Sherlock. Don’t lie to me. I saw how you were when… when I was going to give you—”
"All of it? You'll take it all?"
"So then..." Mycroft began as the car lurched to life, "I didn't think I would need to tell you this, but from your childish behavior, it would seem that I was wrong. Sherlock, you cannot run off like that."
Sherlock shut his eyes, his mother’s weeping dulled as his heart pounded strongly, his stomach knotting up painfully, but he couldn’t give. He needed to get to John. Spinning on his heel, Sherlock opened his eyes and strode out of his parents’ home to his awaiting cab.
” John whispered weakly. What was he supposed to say to that? God, Sherlock really was kind.
Gregory giggled happily and ducked his head at the crook of his mate's neck, happily scenting him.
“Speaking about mediators… There is something I’d like to ask you.” John started, trying to shake off the momentary weakness of swaying to Sherlock’s alluring alpha pheromones, as if it never happened.
“Just. Do as I ask. Please.”
“Anniversary?
“John.” A breathless whisper of his name came from a voice that was pure sex and John purred amorously, laving up the remaining blood, revealing reddening flesh.
"It really is okay. It's perfectly normal for a pregnant omega to be... affected."
. I feel… I feel like I’m burning.” Sherlock whimpered, piston hips stuttering as he was nearing culmination.
“Sherlock.” John whispered breathlessly, head tossed back, lips parted, heavy breaths puffing out in a sharp keening cry.
“Where is he, Mycroft? What have you done with my John?” Sherlock raged, thrashing against the agents, their grip loosening faintly, but not enough for Sherlock to escape and attack Mycroft for a
"Goodnight love."
“My mother will be in touch and you will undoubtedly be invited for dinner to meet the family and Sherlock. I will arrange the marriage to be preformed the day after and ensure Harriet get’s her liver as soon as the marriage is legalized.” Mycroft said and turned to leave, but came to a sudden stop and turned back to meet John’s stare once more.
“What?” Sherlock seemed genuinely confused.
Sherlock reluctantly unwound his arms around John, but didn’t move away fully. John huffed a breath of annoyance, and shifted further away to the edge of the bed, reminded of their first wedded night. Bitterness filled him at the remembrance.
“Jim Moriarty. Hi.” Moriarty waited for Sherlock to react in some way. When the alpha’s gaze remained fixed, gun steady and ready to fire, he added, “Jim? Jim from the hospital? Huh. Did I really make such a fleeting impression? But then I suppose that was rather the point… Don't be silly. Someone else is holding the rifle. I don't like getting my hands dirty. I've given you a glimpse, Sherlock—just a teensy glimpse—of what I've got going on out there in the big bad world. I'm a specialist, you see. Like you.”
John had hoped they’d spend their New Years Eve like they’d spent their Christmas, in their flat, alone in each other’s company. They hadn’t exchanged gifts, but John prepared them a nice steak salad, decorated the flat, giving it a Christmassy feel, and Sherlock played several festive pieces on his violin. They’d spent the later part of that evening sitting side by side on the couch watching, ‘It’s a Wonderful Life’.
“Love is…
"All the time, whether he wants to hear it or not." John's eyes softened with sorrow and Mary's face changed to one of sympathy and love.
After working for two years, John had finally decided he'd remained strong long enough and gave in his letter of resignation. John wanted to stop trying so hard. Stop pretending he was strong enough to continue. All John wanted to do was rest, remember, and let go.
John being overly nice could only mean one thing… he was deflecting, hiding his true feelings and that worried Sherlock so deeply, more than this Moriarty the cabbie had mentioned moments before his death. John came home a complete emotional wreck the night before and now… now he was acting so… so
John was close to laughing because this couldn’t be happening. His husband couldn’t believe such an illogical thing as this, but then Sherlock looked away from him and John saw the glint in his eyes. Sherlock was close to tears and as he blinked his eyes to hide his emotions, John swallowed dryly as he came to the realization; Sherlock really believed he saw what he saw.
“When I was twelve I asked Mycroft to take me to them. I wanted to see them so much, but my parents wouldn’t have allowed it. Mycroft did and… I saw him. He was beautiful, so beautiful and I wanted him then. I wanted to make him mine.”
Sherlock wanted to be with John and no one else. If John never learned to love him… At least he’d still be his husband and they’d have a family. If that was all John could give him, Sherlock would happily take it. At least John would be his family. Sherlock would love and protect John for the rest of his life, give him anything and everything he wished for. Sherlock would strive to make John happy in this arrangement, guiltily knowing he’d gained more from it than John.
John frowned, but followed after Sherlock.
At first Sherlock was unaware those words had been projected. Then completely stunned when he realized that it hadn't come from John, but himself. Sherlock never even thought such things within the privacy of his mind, but now, contemplating the meaning of his words, he could find no fault in them. They rang true.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed, his fangs descended, and he snapped them in the alpha's direction with warning.
"Please, Sherlock. Understand. She... She isn't a threat. She isn't the one I'm in love with."
Scrambling for a better hold, Sherlock gripped John's left ass cheek and held vice-like to him. John let out a harsh grunt, but didn't complain when Sherlock's claws tore into flesh. Though his body wanted to fight against the building tantalizing feeling, Sherlock yanked John harshly against him,
The answer wasn't if Sherlock could love John. It was if he could let go of one lie. One big lie, but a lie that Sherlock had to admit did not change the way he still loved John. Albeit it hurt, knowing he'd been a fool to the manipulations of his brother Mycroft- and what he suspected, his parents.
“These are your alpha’s parents, Benjamin and Eleanor Holmes.” Mr. Watson introduced, releasing John of his hold and moving to stand beside his wife.
The last of the voices cooed sweetly as Sherlock readied himself and left the flat in search of a developing crime scene.
“Mm, it’s yours. All yours.”
John turned and headed to his own room.
Silence was his answer and though he wanted to remain blind to the world around him, he unwillingly opened his eyes, and set his sights on his alpha. Silver eyes, expressive eyes, the most beautiful eyes John ever saw met his own. John's heart burst with grief at the sight of them. Sherlock, his wonderful Sherlock stared at him with devastation. John felt Sherlock's devastation, for it was his own.
John stared on in shock. “That was six minutes.”
"Mycroft, stop this! I've accepted dying! I don't want him. How can you allow me to become a second?" Sherlock pleaded despairingly, unable to stop his tears from breaking free as the alpha's breath brushed against his scent gland and the alpha inhaled sharply of his scent.
Slipping under the covers of their bed, John wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s lean waist and tucked his head in the crook of the taller man’s neck. Sherlock shifted in bed, released a deep contented sigh and leaned back into John’s welcoming arms.
, sentiment is a chemical defect found in the losing side.”
“Molly, please don’t feel the need to make conversation. It’s really not your area.”
Turning on his heel, Mycroft went for the door. He couldn't do this. He needed out. His hand reached for the door knob. A strong hand grabbed hold of his arm and held fast, spinning him around to face the warm eyes of a man who made Mycroft not himself.
"No, I'm sorry. I should have gone more slowly. We don't have to... consummate our union yet. I just... You want to, right?"
Teeth dug deep into his bottom lip, knees butted under his ass, a glorious hung fucking cock buried so deep within him, John felt claimed. A knot growing, breeching his rim, stretching him wide and taking him, breeding him and it was wonderful. So fucking wonderful.
“What about it.” John’s eyes narrowed ominously and his reaction seemed to amuse the gentleman.
John was good. He was strong, agile, quick and
“You were amazing today Sherlock. I hope you know how proud you made me.”
“You look sad. When you think he can’t see you. Are you okay? Don’t just say you are, because I know what that means—looking sad when you think no one can see you.”
The two finally naked gravitated to each other, Sherlock lying himself back down into the bed when John leaned over him and their lips met once more. Hands gliding and stroking at flesh and Sherlock pulsed with contentment, John’s rough calloused hands chaffed against his soft pale flesh. Heat always made omegas sensitive to touch and sound only made it all the more painfully pleasurable.
Sherlock listened to whatever Lestrade had to say before answering that they were on their way and hurriedly hung up. Rising to his feet, Sherlock spared John an apologetic look.
“I would have always bound myself with someone. It’s the way of the world.”
He... He felt a great many things for John. Sherlock had known this since... since a long while ago. If he were truly being honest with himself, he'd realized what it was he felt for John since that hospital visit where he'd thought himself to be having a heart attack. He couldn't say it though. Not even to himself, within his mind. He couldn't own up to feeling that way because... It was scary. Scary that he'd allowed himself to be vulnerable in the one way that he knew would completely and utterly destroy him if he were ever to be hurt by John and so... he could never admit to that feeling.
Sherlock watched with fascination and a fraction of guilt as a flushed, perspiring John entered his bedroom. The heat was already in effect — Sherlock could still remember John’s pungent and mouthwatering scent even now.
When John went to grab the back of the saddle to keep his balance, Sherlock made a noise of disapproval.
"My lower back." Sherlock gave in, sighing heavily.
Sherlock paid great efforts in being his natural self around John and for the most part he was proud of himself for keeping up with the false image, still there were lapses. Times when John would lean in close while Sherlock was observing a body and the omega within would flitter happily, setting Sherlock’s stomach to knotting and his breath to hitching. Sherlock had to focus more than ever to restrain the soft whimper struggling to voice itself.
John had wanted so much to find someone who would love him, even if it wasn't in the way Sherlock portrayed to his sister, if he could find a mate who would have shown him half of that love, he'd have been so happy. Except, John couldn't think like that anymore. John had Sherlock and Sherlock would never love him, even just a little. John wished so much that Sherlock would see the kindness and care he expressed and warm up to him. Even if they were never physical as that idea seemed to unsettle Sherlock the most, John would have accepted affectionate touches and sentimental words.
“But you want to be friends?”
“A blog.” John shot back, trying not to lose focus as he continued to type out his thoughts. Maintaining their growing website was taking a lot more time out of his day, but he felt so proud of his work. Finally Sherlock was achieving the admiration from the public, just like John knew Sherlock deserved.
Sherlock stared up at John, his eyes softening with voiceless greeting, and stepped to his side of the bed.
“Come now, John. Can you let me explain first?”
“Yes.” Sherlock exhaled shakily, eyes darkening with lustful need.
“What can I do? John, please, what can I possibly do to make you believe me?”
That didn't happen though, and Sherlock couldn't think about those types of things now. Too much had happened.
." Sherlock moaned unhappily. That meant watching his mother fawn over his mate and snobbishly boast that she was the best matchmaker.
"Tell me you want to be dominated." Sherlock sneered, and dug his nails into John's thigh he still held to.
"Yes. Very much so."
"John."
John raised the comforter over his head and cocooned himself in the sheets, the scent of his alpha strengthening, and it almost felt as if he were being cradled in his alphas arms.
.” John groaned; his thrusts staggering as his climax broke through in that moment and more hot wetness washed over Sherlock’s abdomen.
"I'm sorry."
Sherlock lifted one of John's pillows and pressed it against his face all while lying on his back on the bed that was much smaller than his own. He inhaled a deep whiff of his mate and whimpered pathetically, cock pulsing, pants wet with pre-come and slick - Sherlock had become a slut for his alpha.
Shutting his eyes briefly, Sherlock inhaled a shaky breath, held it for several beats of his pounding heart and released it with a shudder of his body. There was no other choice. For John, Sherlock would do anything, even this—something considered unthinkable for alphas. Without hesitation, Sherlock retrieved his untraceable mobile from his breast pocket and dialed a number he knew well, and it was answered after the first ring.
John raised his left leg and drew it up over one of Sherlock’s hips, and kneed the edge of the table, losing his balance somewhat, but refusing to let loose, John compressed Sherlock firmly against his body and tongue-fucked him, his tongue diving in and out, hardly giving Sherlock enough time to play with it before extracting it. Sherlock whimpered pitifully, wordlessly pleading for John to stop all his mischievous playful teasing and give. It was too much fun to stop. John had only ever kissed one person, Sherlock, and his heat hadn’t really given him the time or patience to experiment with kissing. John wanted to explore Sherlock’s mouth; all while gaining more valuable information and learning the best ways to please Sherlock.
John stepped back out of the room, wandered back into the kitchen and absentmindedly began cleaning the mess on the floor. His thoughts continued down the excruciating path it had moments earlier.
Everything began moving quickly from then. John was retrieving their pre-made go bag and arguing with Victor. Victor didn't want to leave and John was telling him that he couldn't talk to him right now. John demanded Victor leave, but then he promised to contact him and Sherlock understood why. John had been upset that day Victor came to 221 B and left in tears. John hadn't wanted to lose Victor, now that he was back he still wanted him, but Sherlock was in labor and needed help. John was ever the considerate doctor.
John thought, biting his tongue, his eyes stinging with unshed tears. The alpha’s scent, the feel of Sherlock’s body, being scented adoringly, it was slowly asphyxiating him, until John was breathless and unable to speak. He could think, and those thoughts were damning.
Sherlock’s gun aimed at Moriarty, eyes blazing. Moriarty smiled widely, raised his hands in a show of surrender and spoke promptly, “
“I can’t come down so we’ll just have to do it like this.”
“Hello.” Lestrade sighed, feeling as if he were carrying the weight of the world. Keeping watch of Sherlock, making sure John didn’t suffer another omega drop and remained relatively healthy was a tiring task.
Sherlock said nothing still, his back to him. John watched as the tall man folded his arms across his chest and stared at the yard, never turning to meet John’s pleading gaze. John wanted to make this work, but how could he make a marriage work when his omega refused to talk to him.
“Look at the jumper he’s wearing. Hardly worn. Clearly he’s uncomfortable in it. Maybe it’s because of the material; more likely the hideous pattern, suggesting it’s a present, probably Christmas. So he wants into his mother’s good books. Why? Almost certainly money.”
“Yes. Yes, he is. If I could have removed my scent glands without dying in the process I would have removed everything that made me an alpha.” Sherlock answered.
John leaned forward ready to stand when the flashing of red laser dots, just a little over a dozen pointed at both of them.
Sherlock would always answer John's confession with a rigid nod and continue with whatever it was he'd been doing at the time. John would leave with a heaviness pressing against his shoulders and a sickening churning of his stomach.
"Are you... Are there any other secrets you're hiding from me?" Sherlock asked warily.
After spending a ridiculous amount of time with his parents, indulging in the dozens of photographs with them and other family members, hearing jovial speeches and well wishes, cutting a blasted colorful cake, thanking his family and guests for their gifts, Sherlock was
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Time passed, but John wasn’t the same, his appetite decreased, he slept little if at all. Months passed and John tried. He really did try, but he knew it was futile. This wasn’t about fighting and winning. It was about trying to gain a little more time for his loved ones and that’s all he could do in the end.
John found himself a nice cottage in the outskirts of Dublin Ireland. Every Tuesday and Thursday John would head out to the city and see his new therapist that had been recommended, Emily Gold. She had a soft voice and approached John's past with care. They'd spoken about a great many of things, and it wasn't just because John trusted her abilities as a therapist. What made him open up more than anything was his wish that the sooner he'd divulged all those things he kept within, maybe he'd be able to begin to fix himself.
When Harry finished buttoning up the coat, she retrieved two thick dull blue scarves and wrapped them around his neck. John was already hot enough as it was, but the additional wear was muddling what was left of his senses.
Why should she? The alpha/omega services were never wrong. They only matched true mates together and it was known to bring them great joy. True mates were extremely compatible. They always fell madly in love with each other. Most fell in love at first sight. There were only a few cases where one party was unhappily mated to their true mate. Cases like Sherlock's, where their alpha had married someone else before mating their true mate.
Sherlock stared blankly at John and that seemed to answer it.
“John…” Sherlock said seriously, his smile fading with the gravity of his next words. “Don’t you ever run where I can’t follow.”
But it annoyed him. It made Sherlock so angry seeing the change in John. Seeing the way John gave up trying to form a
“I hate redheads!”
"I need this. It makes everything harder for me to talk to you. To act as if I'm just on holiday, when we both know I'm not. I... I can't. It hurts too much."
There was only one option in righting Sherlock's mind completely and that... John couldn't do that. Sherlock wouldn't allow it and John grew sick at the idea that if he couldn't find another way to right the omega, to reassure him of his feelings, that in the end he might be forced to do so. But not now. No, John couldn't even think about that. He'd die before he forced himself on the omega all so he could right the tattered mind of his mate.
John forced himself to sit upright and raise his head and immediately noticed a young gentleman walking to their table. His golden blond hair was perfectly styled, combed loosely back, the wavers of his hair noticeable wisped at his sides, and quite eye catching. He stilled his progression and greeted Sherlock with a dazzlingly attractive smile. He wasn’t particularly tall for an omega; he could be no taller than 5’8. John was amused to find that the man’s clothing sense didn’t much deter from Sherlock’s own: designer, fine material, fitted black jacket and slacks, white button up shirt, vibrant blue tie, and freshly polished Italian leather shoes. He was… most assuredly dressed to the nines.
"Get out of my head!" Sherlock raged and struck his right temple harshly, hurting himself in the process of hopefully silencing the voice.
John knew he was a horrible husband. He'd been lying to Sherlock since the day they'd met and although Sherlock wasn't a saint, he didn't deserve to have this. Have John being friends with a man he didn't like. John tried to reason with his guilt. If Sherlock only trusted him, than this friendship couldn't and shouldn't be viewed as a betrayal. John never won out with his guilt, but his stubbornness and need for kindness didn't yield either.
“I’ve grown accustom to how temperamental you can be.”
Harry kneeled beside John’s shivering form and gripped to his arm in comfort and to catch his attention.
“Fine.” Sherlock sighed heavily. “I can meet your sister.”
Sherlock shouldn’t have stared at The Woman as she was naked. Sherlock shouldn’t have kept that ring tone after the first time John asked him to change it. Sherlock shouldn’t have let The Woman flirt with him. Sherlock shouldn’t have enticed The Woman to gain the upper hand. Sherlock shouldn’t have allowed the woman to sleep in their bed. Sherlock shouldn’t have done all the things that had pained his omega, but he had, because he hated how his heart felt so affected by a simple look the omega sent him. Sherlock didn’t want to be ruled by sentiment so he did everything to spite John and prove to himself that he could remain unaffected. Sentiment was something he prided himself in never feeling for another. But this… this strangely felt a lot like sentiment. It bothered Sherlock, enough so that he stopped eating, stopped talking, and played his violin for days, trying to figure it all out.
One voice offered and Sherlock tensed, his wrists wringing to free themselves from the alpha, but it was a hopeless fight.
When John entered the flat he wasn’t expecting to find Sherlock sitting in the living room, waiting for him, but he was.
John burst into a fit of laughter; it was true, but definitely not appropriate for a first time confession.
"You can. Just a bit more." the doctor said, eyes focused between his legs and at the crowning head.
"Yes."
Sherlock rubbed harder and John’s eyes squeezed shut, his body tensing, toes curling, and hips rocking against a large hand, chasing that feeling, never wanting to let it go.
Sarah’s home smelled off: it didn’t comfort him, not like the flat he shared with Sherlock, and it took John forever to fall asleep. When John woke up the next morning, Sarah greeted him before heading for the shower and John switched on the television. The news of a bomb having gone off at Baker Street had John up and out the door in seconds.
There was only the occasionally background noise of London city on Sherlock's end. John waited a moment longer, but when Sherlock made no attempt to speak, John broke it.
Later, as they drove back from the crime scene in a cab, heading back home, Sherlock glanced out of his side of the window as he spoke.
Sherlock's smile broadened and he chuckled deeply. The two tittered at the absurdity of it all.
." Victor spoke lovingly and raised a hand out to palm the stupefied alpha's cheek.
Or maybe Sherlock was thinking too much. Trying to control too much. Why was it wrong for them to be together in the sense married mates should be? Was it so wrong to want more? John understood it was difficult for Sherlock to express himself. John knew Sherlock more deeply than anyone else, so maybe...
John bit his bottom lip. God help him, he knew he shouldn't, but then the snort of amusement escaped and Sherlock snarled.
Sherlock choked on his tea mid-sip, unwinding his arm around John to retrieve a napkin from the coffee table and covered his mouth to cough, attempting to clear his throat.
“I hope you enjoyed yourself, because we’re not doing this again. It’s too much of a risk.” Mycroft needed to clarify.
Sherlock’s eyes widened with disbelief at the sentiment in which John expressed.
“It is?”
“Mmm. Sherlock.” John hummed, nuzzling up the underside of an elegant chin, a submissive act, but insistent. John wanted more time to scent his newly claimed mate. More time to allow their scents to mingle, though it was no longer needed, John could already scent the change.
Sherlock dipped his head low and pressed his forehead against the frame of the door, inhaling deeply from flaring nostrils.
. It hit Sherlock like a ton of bricks. Sherlock wanted John. He wanted him physically. Perhaps a kiss, was what he wanted most, as his eyes kept finding themselves focusing on his lips.
The moment they were alone, Sherlock dropped to his knees at John’s side, retrieved his phone and dialed for help.
Sherlock’s shoulders slumped, his head dipping low to press his forehead against the hand he still held and hummed in agreement.
There was a dull shuffle and in the next moment the door swung open to reveal a curious Sherlock. The man’s deep red robe unclasped, open to reveal he was wearing a plain white t-shirt and silver blue striped sleeping slacks. John knew it wasn’t much, but to John… Sherlock was breathtaking. Sherlock could open the door wearing a trash bag and to John, Sherlock would be the most beautiful person out there. Sherlock was John’s everything.
“Don’t fret child. You will understand as you get older.” Mrs. Watson cooed, leaning in to press a kiss to the child’s forehead before pulling away.
"Oh." Sherlock looked down to the ground, briefly wondering if he was driving John out, but then he remembered something.
After first meeting Mycroft, John had been ever curious about Sherlock. The few newspaper clippings Mycroft had given him, prompted John to look up his the future mate through the Internet. John had been fascinated by what he found. Sherlock was an intelligent man, if not a little obsessed with Tobacco.
Sherlock exhaled a shaky breath, hips rocking ever so gently following those fingers within. John added his ring finger when Sherlock actively participated in the prepping of his entrance. He watched in awe as Sherlock moaned lewdly when John slipped in his pinky and pushed in deep. John spreaded his fingers, stretching the rim, and dragging them along the muscled wall and John struck gold. Sherlock releasing a cry of ecstasy was his answer.
“What?”
. John thought, breathing heavily, cock jolting with raw desire.
in a hysterical craze. Mrs. Hudson began weeping, at a loss of what to do when she felt his damp forehead, and becoming all the more alarmed by how hot John’s skin was.
Sherlock shook his head with disbelief—It
Sherlock, withering, brought John flush against him. John puffed out a heavy breath, his pulsing cock jammed between their bodies, rubbing against their stomachs, thumping harshly between them with each one of Sherlock’s sudden and chaotic thrusts.
“Will you not eat?” a nurse asked of him later that evening.
“Why?”
Love at first sight. It was a saying some used. This idea was usually demonstrated in films and novels. Those in the real world who used it… John thought of them as complete idiots. There was no such thing as, ‘love at first sight’. It was more like, ‘lust at first sight’, John had thought to tell those dolts who believed in such fanciful notions.
“That’s the title.” John explained softly, his heart speeding up the longer Sherlock pressed over his shoulder. From this close, John could scent his alpha and it warmed his insides and all he wanted to do was turned to his right, and bury his nose against the pale flesh of Sherlock scent gland.
"Oh John,
“You’ll need the intimacy, eventually. You’ll need a beta to fill the distance of our marriage.”
Sherlock shook his head and deciding the detective’s office would be the best place to have this conversation. Sherlock pivoted and entered the D.I.’s office and waited for Lestrade to follow.
Curious as to what John was doing, but then his answer came. Sherlock bit his bottom lip hard, choking back a whimper when heated smooth lips pressed over his delicate skin.
“I… Sometimes.”
"But you liked it?" Sherlock had to ask again, he didn't want to have taken it too far, though he didn't think he had, but he could be wrong.
“'I made vows to
John removed his hand from off the omega's shoulder and took a step back when he realized just how close they were and that he could easily watch the flush bloom across the omega's face.
Friends with benefits didn’t fuck three or more times a day. Friends with benefits didn’t stop dating or sleeping around with others. Friends with benefits didn’t sleep in the same bed for three years together. Friends with benefits didn’t knot. Friends with benefits didn’t live like committed couples.
“Yes.”
Biting his tongue, eyes hardening, focused, John would not give in.
That day… That specific day, John had planed everything out. He’d lied to his parents that he had rugby practice after school and learned the bus route leading to the hospital. He’d written a note and stuffed in his pocket, they’d find it with his body explaining everything.
"Sherlock." John tried once more, but the omega was out of the room and soon after, John heard the front door of their flat open and shut behind the rage driven omega.
"I'm not that kind of alpha."
“So you really aren’t sure he will come back soon then?”
"I... I... I...." John gasped, trying to pull the words from his breaking heart, but something was stopping him.
Sherlock stared up at the blurry alpha, feeling drowsy. His blood humming in his veins. He distantly compared the feeling to being drugged on Morphine. Maybe it was because the hospital had been giving him Morphine for the past few months to help with the pain for his failing body. Now though, Sherlock could feel a piece of the alpha within him, filling all the emptiness he'd been suffering from for ages without the alpha's love and care.
The press backed off after the interview. There were still a few that photographed them, and wrote stories about them through people they'd met and interviewed, but it all reverted back to the work.
The chiming of his cell phone rang out and broke John from his thoughts. Turning over and reaching out to the nightstand, John retrieved his cell phone. Opening it up and immediately finding the text message waiting for him.
John shyly glanced around him, reaffirming to himself that he was truly alone. Sherlock was upset with him for choosing to go speak with his brother, rather than him. John highly doubted the alpha's reappearance anytime soon and he hated his curiosity, but he really was wondering about these lessons.
The deep growl of an enraged alpha father sounded at his son’s distress.
Mycroft’s frown deepened. This wasn’t the first time Mycroft had spoken to Lestrade since that horrible night he’d watched the alpha and that—Mycroft, shook his head, he would not lose his temper. It didn’t matter. That had nothing to do with why he was speaking to Lestrade.
Over the two months John had been here, Sherlock had felt a many of things. Part of him wanted to let things continue as they had, to live their lives together and try to look to the future instead of the past. Another part of him - a darker, more unhinged part - wanted to hurt John. Humiliate him. Degrade him so deeply, he could never hold his head up high.
“John Hamish Watson, do you commit yourself to William Sherlock Scott Holmes? Do you promise to love, honor, respect, communicate with each other, to look to your own emotional health so that you can relate in a healthy way, and to provide a healthy home for children if you choose to have them; to be a support and comfort for your partner in times of sickness and health, till death do you part?”
“Please, Sherlock, try and remain in control, no matter what.” She cautioned, giving her bit of wisdom to the young man before she stepped around him and quietly retreated.
“Do you think things will get better between us?” John wondered aloud, lowering his hand from Sherlock’s face to thread his fingers with the hand of the alpha’s that layered his.
God, he wanted to kiss John so much. Needed to taste him, immerse himself in all that was John, but the omega wasn’t ready. Sherlock knew that. Instead he pulled back, cleared his throat and said.
John realized that to most it would seem a heavy burden to carry, with the knowledge that one took a life, but John was a solider. He'd been in the army nearly his whole life and taking a life was something that one did for survival in a time of war. John had taken lives, even when he healed and saved his comrades. It was something he'd accepted. Taking the enemies' lives ensured many more were saved and that rang true even now back home. That cabby driver would have taken lives his he'd lived. The next being that of his mate. So no, John didn't feel burdened in the least for his actions. He felt completely right.
“But… I can’t… I’m not as submissive or nurturing as an omega. I could never give you what your alpha needs.” John stared despairingly at the alpha before him, wanting nothing more than what was in front of him, but feeling undeserving.
Several hours later when John woke, he found Sherlock curled up close to him, breathing steadily in a deep sleep. John knew he should slip out of bed and get ready, but instead he spent several more minutes in Sherlock’s embrace, running his fingers through dark curls. Sherlock shifted slightly against him, released a content sigh, but his rest remained undisturbed by John’s attention. When John couldn’t hold off leaving their bed, he pressed a gentle kiss at Sherlock’s hairline and left Sherlock to his sleep while he readied himself for work. A smile tugged at the ends of his lips and remained, no matter how hard John tried to hide it.
The night seemed to go by so slowly. Eventually Harry stepped in and snuck John out just as Mrs. Holmes’ great aunt entered and everyone was momentarily distracted. John then led Harry out to the yard and the two recalled every one of the dreadful members of the Holmes’ family.
“I’ll care for them.”
John tried not to let his emotions get the better of him, but the way Sherlock had stared at him…The look of pure revulsion in his eyes… It was painful to see. John thought he might be able to shower love and affection on Sherlock and he hoped that in time the young omega would grow to love him in return. Now, however, John wasn’t even sure Sherlock would grow to like him.
“Okay.”
.” John whined. Why was Sherlock being so cruel? This wasn’t fair.
John stared blankly up at her, breathing in short loud puffs of air; he rose out a hand in her direction while simultaneously forcing himself to sit up. Mrs. Hudson took hold of his hand and assisted him in straightening out on the seat.
“I told you how I felt, and you said you understood.”
.” Sherlock answered vehemently.
John's brows furrowed, "What's wrong, Sherlock? What's happened?" John hurriedly made his way towards the omega and seated himself in the red chair.
“Sherlock.” John spoke weakly, pleading with the omega not to see him as the enemy.
John’s breath hitched, his heart hammering against his chest as he stared mutely at Sherlock, completely tongue-tied. Sherlock didn’t mind? Sherlock wouldn’t mind intimacy?
“U. M. Q…”
From there, Mycroft would have to supply a reason why he was in Ireland in the first place. A specialist who had taken care of him? Yes, that could work.
"No!" John's vocal cords strained to break the silence of his shock in that moment, because the very thought of Sherlock finishing that sentence, of actually taking those actions, destroyed him.
“Always been able to keep myself distant… divorce myself from… feelings. But look, you see…” Sherlock offered his shaking hand as proof and John winced at Sherlock’s cold words—something the old Sherlock would never tell him. Others, yes, but never to John, because sentiment was understandable when in relation to John. Not anymore. Sherlock rejected sentiment and somehow, John forgot this, and he didn’t know why he chose to ignore what was so plain now.
Sherlock raised his head then, staring at the sky, as if searching for the answer.
Sherlock tugged softly at the alpha's hips and John seemed to understand the voiceless request. Leaving his salad to rest, the alpha spun to face Sherlock then and the omega moved to embrace John again.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Now though… Staring up at this omega, tall, lean, pale, with the most fascinating shade of blue eyes (the color changing ever as he further entered the room), thin lips with the most appealing of cupid’s bow John had ever seen, fierceness in his glare, shyness in his approach, scent of vanilla, toasted sugar, and cocoa, John began to believe. This… John swallowed thickly, immediately drawn to the man…
friction, heat, warmth, his omega.
"Don't worry. I'll explain things to him." John hushed the worry of his beta. Mary shouldn't be making herself sick with worry.
"Shhh. I'll wait for you. I'll be here, always. I'll wait. I promise. You come back when you're ready."
"Come now, Sherlock." John chuckled good-naturedly as if there was no wrong committed against him. Slowly the alpha neared him with open arms and daringly brought Sherlock against him. Embracing him with those same arms that had held that beta. It was disgusting to be touched after the beta. Always second with John's affections. Sherlock would be second to hold John, to bond with him, love him and it was depressing that he couldn't be first in any of John's experiences, when John would be first in all of Sherlock's.
John wiggled in the mess of Sherlock’s limbs and thankfully Sherlock was so overcome he released John to fall back against the bed a pile of jittering goop, moaning happily, smiling like a complete loon. John couldn’t help but smile down on as he wiped the mess of saliva and seed from his mouth and chin.
Sherlock wanted to break free of John's hold, but his body trembled so erratically that he could scarcely stand up on his own two feet. He leaned most of his weight on John's chest.
, turned his sights on his pale cock, and took it all in one moaning swallow. John sucked his cock in three effortless bobs, the rough end of his tongue rubbing hard against the sensitive underside and Sherlock screamed. Voice pitchy and full of surprise as his balls drew up and he was coming in John's mouth embarrassingly fast. John swallowed his cock greedily, took all of his release and happily groaned, as if Sherlock tasted delicious.
"It's not the son, don't bother arresting him. I have something I need to confirm, I'm sure it will lead me where I believe we will find the true murderer." Sherlock rose slowly from the ground and wrapped his scarf securely to conceal the bite mark once more.
“John?” Sherlock’s voice broke passed the wooden door separating the bedroom from the bathroom.
“Our pups.”
Sherlock gave a hum of recognition and felt the heels of John's feet press against his shins.
"Shut up!" John snarled. Sherlock and his dirty talk was going to make John come first.
"You know he's not like that."
Mycroft tilted his head slightly, deliberating the alpha's words. It was so clear to Mycroft that this alpha truly experienced the true mate's connection with Sherlock and even so... He was prepared to let Sherlock go because of his brother's inability to forgive.
"I love you."
John went after Sherlock and found the alpha seated on the bed, gently stroking the threadbare towel with his thumbs and a fond smile upon his face. John froze. Sherlock… That look… John hadn’t seen that particular look before. A painful thought occurred to him. The only reason Sherlock would keep something so old and worn, and rifle through a bloody trash bin…was if it carried sentimental value.
— John’s knot…his knot was bearing down on his balls, massaging, kneading them with every downward slow and firm grind of his pelvis.
“John?” Sherlock’s fingers smoothed over the light layer of hair on one of John’s arms, tickling him through the drowsiness of sleep.
Lestrade tried to stop them - sometimes it worked, other times it only spurred them on the second Lestrade turned his back. John told him it was alright, that it didn't bother him, and Lestrade, wanting to believe him, took him for his word.
John glared at himself in the mirror. He wore a tailored black full dress tail tuxedo, pale blue vest, tie, handkerchief, and black Italian leather shoes. It was all far more expensive than he was comfortable wearing—chosen by his intended, as his mother pointed out. John found he didn’t like him at all. He didn’t want to marry someone so materialistic. He really didn’t want to marry a stranger.
John smiled brightly and texted back.
"I'm sorry for lying, Sherlock. I never intended to meet with Victor. I'm not sure how you found out, but Victor came to me as a patient and we got to talking and I... I'm sorry for befriending him. I knew you wouldn't like it. Still, I did, and... He's a good person, Sherlock. I like spending time with him." John spoke softly, knowing his words were harsh in that he didn't show so much repentance as he did sympathy.
“Yes. I want them. John,
"Sherlock-"
Sherlock sucked in a sharp inhale of breath and a hand shot out to palm his stomach as he curled in on himself.
“I promise you, I won’t ever leave you. I’m your mate for life.”
John moaned softly, his head dipping and pressing his nose into Sherlock's hair. Sherlock stilled his caress over the slowly hardening cock to inhale a deep breath of fortitude.
“Yes?” John whispered shakily.
Mr. Holmes and Mr. Watson were cheerful over the good news, but thankfully didn’t feel the need to touch John’s
Sherlock balked at John, his alpha brightly grinning as he raised his glass to his omega, winked, and took the last sip of his wine. Sherlock was sure he could kiss John if not for his nerves.
John shook his head, his tongue stinging from his brutal abuse, his teeth cutting through flesh and the metallic flavor of blood rushed his senses.
a kind person.
John didn’t budge, though a part of him wanted nothing more than to seat himself beside his mate and take hold of his hand.
John wanted to refuse, but he couldn’t; he didn’t want to talk to Mycroft and he knew him well enough to know the other option if he refused. It was either Lestrade moved in or John moved back to Sherrinford, regardless of his wishes, John wasn’t going to be left alone for a long time. John could do nothing more than to bear it; having Lestrade living with him would be strange and somewhat painful, what with the smell of an alpha in his home and being reminded of the missing scent of his… It would be hard.
"I better be going or I'll miss my flight." Mary sniffled, stepping away and moving towards the steps.
Sherlock choked on that same treacherous strawberry, completely losing his poise as he hurriedly grabbed his glass of water and guzzled it down, pushing the reluctant strawberry the rest of the way down his throat.
“John…
"Bring him." Mycroft said, exhaling another deep sigh, knowing this was not going to be an easy day.
A paler, skinnier Sherlock than he remembered lay in the hospital bed. Sea-green eyes stared at him with a mixture of amazement and need and John sobbed at the sight of him.
The pain, it lingered, the burning sensation of being stretched to house such greatness was slowly lessening - the pleasure played an important part in that. The pleasure was slowly outweighing the pain of being claimed. Sherlock couldn’t deny the greatness that came with the never before felt phenomenal sexual awakening. It surpassed the experience of pleasuring himself. He truly found it difficult to understand his previous hesitation to copulate. It was most certainly better than he'd ever thought it could be with each second that passed and the building of goodness that consumed him, it became harder and harder to ever want it to end.
“I’m sorry for that. I’ll be more agreeable.” John answered, completely missing the point and wrapped his arms around a stunned Sherlock and brought him into an almost loving embrace.
“I want to sleep with you.”
John's brows furrowed in pain, a deep groan was his answer as John plowed his taunt entrance. The base of his cock swelling, growing wider, as it battered past the resistant rim of Sherlock's entrance. Raising his head and tilting it to the side, John's eyes caressed Sherlock's face with pure adoration.
“I think that’s enough for today. We’ll shop some more later.” John laid his hand over Sherlock’s pale one holding the bear.
Comprehending he’d raised his voice in his anger; John glanced around them and noticed the patrons’ eyes on them.
To hell with his alpha. He'd be damned if he lived in a home with that beta and his treacherous true mate. Turning his back to the door, Sherlock exited the home and rushed out to the quiet street. A single glance at the home as he walked away, told him his alpha had meant his words. He'd looked for a home for them, and it was a nice one. A whitewashed two story townhouse in a nice neighborhood. The type of place an alpha and his omega could raise a litter. Sherlock could see the potential to it, but what he saw now, knowing how John was, was a home where he'd suffer. A home where he'd have to share his alpha's affection with a beta that had stolen his status.
The alpha growled lustfully, hands clutched to the damp globes of his ass, running over the smoothness of flushed skin. Spreading the omega’s cheeks apart to inspect how ready the omega really was, John inhaled stridently. He’d never seen what an omega’s entrance looked like when in heat, he’d felt his own, but didn’t have a mirror or the care to really inspect it as all he’d wanted to do during his heat was to jerk off and finger himself until his heat fizzed out.
. A woman who had shared things with John that Sherlock could never have without them being tarnished. So, when John took hold of his wrist, Sherlock saw red, felt revolt consume.
John fell asleep soon after Sherlock curled up close and their hands met to splay over the soft swell of his belly.
That didn't matter right now. Right now he was to choose pets for his children. When they were finished renovating their home, it would be large enough to house two dogs. Looking at all the dogs surrounding him, he was filled with memories of Redbeard and it made Sherlock feel partially guilty. Though he reminded himself that he wasn't buying a pet for himself, he was buying them for his pups.
"You loved me even when I couldn't love you in return. You are so amazing, Sherlock. I want to be with you when I feel I am good enough to deserve your love."
John trusted Sherlock, but the overwhelming stress of everything grew more so when Mycroft called him and requested that they meet at his office.
“It’s done. I don’t regret it. I’d do anything to be with you.” Sherlock declared, pulling away and raising John’s head up so that he could meet his gaze.
flat mate would be
This was a significant moment, Sherlock realized. This was a moment that would shape their relationship for good. He could lie and therefore push the alpha away or he could say how he truly felt.
Omegas began to show earlier than most, because of the large litter they were able to carry. Omegas typically began to show at one and a half months and Sherlock knew at that time, there was no way he could hide the fact John was pregnant with his pups. He truly didn’t want to hide it. It gave his alpha great pride to know his omega would swell up, but Sherlock also worried how John would feel.
“You’ll spill it if you don’t remove your hand from your eyes.” John observed kindly, letting Sherlock know he wasn’t angry anymore, but not in so many words.
continuously, driving his hormones mad with want, but he needed to think. He had to figure out a way to have his mate. It wasn’t easy coming up with a plan; the pulsing of his cock and contracting of his anal walls were rather distracting.
Did Sherlock still love that beta? Surely he must.
“I’m sorry you misunderstood my feelings John. Know this and believe me when I say it’s only you, it has only ever been you, and it will forever be just you.” Sherlock’s voice was round, choking back on the sentiment that was all but overflowing in his eyes.
“I just… I can’t seem to ever work up the courage to say it.”
In the deepest parts of himself he'd been stunned and a little flattered that John wanted him. Someone
“You did it so you could be with me! Is that how you found me? Mycroft told you once he learned?” John words shook with his body, because it hurt.
Pulling Lestrade to the side of the bustling officers in NSY headquarters, he stared with all the seriousness of the world.
You’re the one who started it.” John choked through his laughter.
“Hmm?” Sherlock hummed distractedly, brow raised in voiceless question, though his eyes never strayed from his journal and his hand never stilled writing.
“Shhh.” John soothed, turning and nuzzling the base of Sherlock’s cock.
John felt cold realization take root. He felt like a fool and yet, still, there was relief, because Sherlock hadn't found out the truth of their marriage. John could never stomach the hurt that truth might cause. This... John knew he'd done wrong by lying to Sherlock about Victor, but this was a lie, John could handle.
“Knot me. I need your knot, please, Sherlock. Mark me. Make me yours.” John was hungry for it.
"What's... What's so funny?" John huffed, holding off a tormented groan, Sherlock's pace was far too slow and soft for his taste. He really needed to come already.
Nevertheless, John gave in to Sherlock’s persistent pushing and tugging, at last seating himself within the limousine. Staring out the now shut door and through its tented window he watched as Mrs. Holmes sobbed more vigorously, Mr. Holmes smiling through the window at their obscured reflections, and Mycroft staring on with a more somber expression of satisfaction. Several dozen of the Holmes’ family and friends cheered and sent well wishes as their chauffeur started the engine and drove off.
John almost wanted to laugh. Did the alpha really think he would believe him? When had an alpha pleaded with an omega? When had an alpha waited for an omega to concede permission of anything? Never. Alphas were domineering and Sherlock was no better. He’d growled possessively when giving John the bond bite, a clear indication that this alpha wanted to possess his body. John would not conform.
“Very good, sir.” Mindy chimed merrily.
“And… It… It won’t bother you that I won’t be able to…”
The dinner at Angelo’s went well enough. They’d ordered their meals and Sherlock had been obliging and open to whatever it was John wanted to talk about. John could tell the alpha was trying his best to make up for his outburst the night before, but really…compared to Sherlock’s behavior, John’s was far less reasonable.
"What looks different?" John was trying to understand, to follow Sherlock's words, but was unable to determine what Sherlock was referring to.
him. Sitting in a plush chair within one of the many rooms of the Holmes’ mansion, John stared at his polished black designer shoes.
Sherlock clasped his hands together over his knees and stared at them as he listened to his brother proceed to make arrangements. This was the right decision for him. He needed to start over. He'd be giving up so much though.
Eyes: Blue
You really hate me, don’t you? Am I such a dreadful husband that you would start back up on suppressants? I’m an alpha, John. I’m not a demon!” Sherlock slammed a palm against the table and it shook with the intensity of his words.
"Oh, Sherlock." John sighed, his nuzzling rising higher until the alpha's chest lay heavily against his lap with John's face buried against his taunt stomach, scenting and cooing, knowing that there... their pups were, growing.
“And what about John Watson? Have you seen him?”
"I won't."
“Sherlock.” John called softly and felt lips pressing against his head of hair once more.
“I am breathing!” Sherlock sniped and Mycroft smirked knowingly, raising a hand to clasp a comforting hold of the lanky man’s shoulder.
John was an alpha submissive and kept this secret from his Aunt Mona. His parents knew he was an alpha submissive, but they were gone now, and the only one left that knew was Harry. He knew she’d never tell anyone. John didn’t tell Mona, she was cruel enough as it was and he didn’t think he could tolerate the unkind words she’d utter with this discovery.
John whimpered again, eyes flooding with tears, his hormones were everywhere and he was rather sensitive at the moment. Any insult in regards to his alpha was painful. Harry said nothing more, the car lurching as she slammed the accelerator to full capacity.
“I— It’s not you, Sherlock.
“Let's have dinner.”
“Mm.” John shivered, rocking back further, taking in more and
John nodded happily, feeling safe in Dr. Levy’s hands. She’d always been so warm and caring towards John since he’d first met her at thirteen years of age. He felt she was the best doctor they could have.
John turned his head away from Sherlock’s tender touch and stared down at the floor, “I wish I’d never met you.”
If Irene were to proposition Sherlock and ask to become his second, John was no longer sure Sherlock would refuse her. Sherlock liked the control in Irene, how she enjoyed power playing her clients, the way she manipulated the situation to suit her needs. Sherlock liked Irene’s intelligence and craftiness. Sherlock might very well take Irene as his second and then what?
“I’m looking at you.” John held Sherlock’s gaze and stomached the hurt his heart felt looking into those unfeeling eyes, because there was no love to answer his own.
“I want a divorce.”
When hands reached out for his tie, John noticeably winced, voicelessly allowing his now husband to loosen his tie, unbutton his shirt collar enough so that his tan neck and clavicle was revealed.
Sherlock lifted the leather chair and using all his strength raised it over his head before throwing it across the room.
“Why today?” Ella finally asked of John, her voice firm yet yielding.
Sherlock leaned back in the shadows of the night, pressed against the brick wall of a closed bank and stared across the street and into the small, nearly empty café. He couldn't believe his eyes. Yet, seated near the large window of the café, sat John - his John Watson, his alpha, mate, husband, - and across from him was seated Victor Trevor.
"I hate you." Sherlock snarled and shut his eyes tightly, wishing he remained deaf to the way his voice shook and gave way to the hurt that shredded at his heart knowing John had been with his beta earlier.
There was still a painful throbbing that attacked his heart when he remembered how many people John had been with. That John had a wife and a pup on the way, but... But... Sherlock was finding himself able to look at John more times than not and see the person he was being currently. The alpha he was to him. That image was a kinder one than what he'd seen before.
John’s omega didn’t like the look Sherlock was giving him now. There was desire, John smelled and felt Sherlock’s strong arousal for him, but there was most certainly worry, anxiety and hesitation. As if Sherlock were unsure about this situation.
"I know. I'm sorry." John knew without Sherlock explaining how much he regretted the way he'd treated him in the beginning. "But you weren't there for me and I... being ignored and feeling unwanted... I empathized with Victor and his inability to find a mate who actually wanted him in return."
"Where is he? Is he okay? He's lucid and talking, right?" The alpha pushed past Mycroft and entered the home, carrying a large duffle bag.
Sherlock found himself holding John's hand throughout the day doing anything - sitting eating their meals, in a cab, at a crime scene, or in bed. It didn't matter, whenever the two were together and near, Sherlock sought out contact.
“Oh, are you being shy now?” Sherlock sighed softly, lips joining his hand and pressing over his bare shoulder blade.
"We will welcome the day that happens." Sherlock answered smoothly.
Tears fell from the sides of his temples as John sobbed in sorrow, pain and regret destroying his overworked heart.
Sherlock glared at the ground, discontent.
He knew it was a strong possibility, but hearing it confirmed by the alpha - his
Mycroft winced. He didn’t like the way Lestrade said his name, full of worry and hurt and it made his chest sore, because he couldn’t erase the memory of the woman kissing Gregory, touching him, and how Gregory accepted it.
Sherlock's anger faded when that thumb, the evil, glorious thumb dug in deep and Sherlock belted a noise, something between a yelp, and an elating moan. Heat rose to Sherlock's cheeks as John's thumb swirled within him and he was helpless, all he could do was bare down on that fat thumb and ride it, chasing that wonderful, toe curling feeling.
“Don’t say it.” Sherlock's words didn’t match the fierceness of his features, he sounded more grief-stricken than anything else.
. . .
John would watch Sherlock and that beta leave the flat for a date, smiling, staring at each other with love, and then stare down at their children. John would break, knowing their children would forever scent his pain and heartache.
“You…” John began, like a fish out of water, he felt like he was losing his bearings.
Sherlock was tired of this. Of being an emotional wreck. Tired of crying because of one alpha. He'd changed. He wasn't the same Sherlock as before. Two years of suffering had altered him.
“Are you angry with me?” Lestrade questioned, voice round, full of sentiment as if he cared about Mycroft’s
“How would I know?”
. Lying across the mattress, John buried his head in
“Mm. You’ve sprained your ankle.” John sighed resignedly.
John's jaw dropped, mouth hanging open like a simpleton, but he didn't speak. The longer the silence continued the more Sherlock found the need to fill it.
"Your beautiful belly, I want to see it."
“Baker Street? He isn’t there anymore.”
“Come along, John.” Sherlock beckoned after him, making his way to the door in hot pursuit of the departing D.I., but when he’d reached the door and John had yet to move, Sherlock stopped in his stride out the flat.
John was a steadfast person as were most omegas. The abnormality of a partial bond was something John couldn't even think about. The very thought made John sick to his stomach. He would never betray Sherlock. Even though Sherlock was gone, John could never do such a thing as that.
"Such a good pet. Love, you are so obedient." Sherlock smiled softly, and leaned forward to palm the alpha's chin, raising his head to meet his gaze.
"I think not."
And waking up in that cold hospital room, with his feelings for John doubling, had been one of the most excruciating experiences of his life, because John wasn't there. Instead he'd been with Mary, probably having the proxy alpha comfort him.
John’s face was so hot now, his body trembling with nerves, Sherlock’s fingers gripping his hair unkindly, but then Sherlock keened a pitchy cry as John released one ball and sucked harder on the other, tugging at it playfully. John felt Sherlock shudder around him, his arms wrapping around Sherlock’s legs as the alpha’s inner thighs pressing against the side of his head. John released one reddened ball to take back the other in his mouth and do the same thing to it.
When he stood at the edge of the aisle, his feet inches from the rose petals, the band stilled their playing for one moment before Pachelbel's Canon in D strummed beautifully from their instruments. It was happening. The sudden chatter of guests stilled and hundreds of witnesses turned to take in his appearance, no doubt wondering who this elusive and rare omega could be.
What was John going to do if Sherlock did not show up soon?
"It won't," John firmly added for effect, but it felt more like he was trying to convince himself.
Not only did Sherlock have to contend with the voices within that could be so cruel, but he had to endure Moriarty's insults as well. Moriarty knew more than most. Much like himself he could read people, situations, and it wasn't like he didn't know that Moriarty had been watching him for some time now.
"Our children need me..." John acknowledged, but there was something in his eyes that gave the impression there was more that needed to be said. Sherlock waited and watched intently as John sucked his bottom lip into his mouth and bit hard. "Does... Does that mean you don't... That you don't need me anymore?"
“What?”
"A hundred?" Sherlock moved around John, until he stood before him, his grip on his hair having not loosened, even a needing fraction.
“John, I’ve loved you from the very moment I read your file. I fell deeper in love with you still as I watched you play rugby. No one else could ever replace you. You are so singularly beautiful and I love you. When I married you, I already adored you and my love has only grown.”
“John…” Sherlock voice was strained, and John didn’t want to hear that.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Well this is all so fascinating and I really would like to see what develops, but sadly I’m here with some clients, so I must be heading back to them. I did tell them I only wanted to say hello to an old friend.” Victor graciously elucidated, lightening the mood.
The moment they stood before his intended; John took hold of his mother’s hand in both of his and squeezed pleadingly. His mother slowly slipped one hand out of his grip to pat the hands that held to her other. Knowing it was time, he gave in, and he released her of his hold, earning a soft kiss on his head of hair, before his mother left him to seat herself once more.
"It's not..." John shook his head. "It's not like that... Not for a long time. We're married yes, but we haven't been together in months. We've been separated for three months and are getting a divorce. We only stayed together so long because of the baby."
“You’ll find a beta, one that makes it hard to breathe… One that makes you whole, and then I’ll have to endure it.” John laughed bitterly.
He was wet everywhere. His thighs slipped against each other, skin damp. His cock was hard, the slit open and dripping with pre-come. Sherlock's entrance, hot and feeling empty, wanted to be filled. John's cock was fat and long, it filled Sherlock perfectly and made him feel so complete. Sherlock needed John.
John wasn't following, too worried that he'd fucked up, and now thinking about the effects these three days would have on their lives.
Sherlock gave a slight shrug of his shoulders. “Somewhat, but I find that I feel less so each time.”
“Lay… lay back.” John encouragingly pushed Sherlock over onto his back until he lay himself compliantly awaiting whatever his intentions were.
"What?"
The agony that filled Sherlock’s eyes the second after John spoke his desire… John never saw that coming. Sherlock shot out of his seat instantly and began pacing the floor.
“Good.” Sherlock spoke, though John sensed that there was more unvoiced in the abruptness of his words and how saddened blue gazed back out the window and to the bustling city.
“I finally called you, but you wouldn’t hear me out and I… I had to take drastic measures. I… Before we met, I’d thought of doing what I’ve now done to ensure I’d never bond with an omega, but I didn’t think I needed to do it after I found you, because I thought you’d stay, but…”
smelled sweet. Finding a submissive alpha was virtually impossible, they were extremely rare. His requirements would be hard to match and the likelihood that such an alpha existed and that they were still unbound at such an age was slim to none.
Sherlock could see himself acting out foreignly, but he didn't amend his actions. He was most avidly seeking out the alpha. John was his true mate. His only source of reassurance, strength, care and Sherlock was using him as such unashamedly.
Sherlock stilled cutting his chicken to glance up at John questioningly. John blushed shyly, staring down at his own plate and mumbled, “Eat.”
“You know alphas only do
“I want to meet this omega first.”
Sherlock would never say he was content or in any form close to happy, but he was...
Sherlock would later learn that on that very same day, John began his second heat cycle.
The blond omega didn’t seem upset in the least, and most probably wasn’t, as Sherlock wasn’t the most civil of people. The man turned his focus to John and grinned toothily.
What would John do if Irene became Sherlock’s second? Would Irene live with them? Would Irene take the spare bedroom or sleep in their room, forcing John to take the spare? Would Irene live in another country, as she traveled a lot, and Sherlock would travel back and forth between John and Irene? Would Sherlock stay for longer periods with Irene because she wasn’t on suppressants and was fertile? Would Sherlock give his heart to Irene and eventually abandon John?
Sherlock rose from the ground and stared at John mutely for a long while. John did not move from where he kneeled, knowing Sherlock had not given him permission to do so.
Sherlock’s breathing was frayed, the alpha’s body tensing against him when John shifted to nuzzle Sherlock’s chest further. John wasn’t sure why, but then he felt it… A pulsing,
“Nothing really, or I think it’s nothing. Just… He talks out loud. Not like he never does that, but I don’t know. It’s like he’s talking to someone and not himself.”
Silence was their answer.
“I don’t care!” Sherlock shouted angrily and John tensed, never had Sherlock yelled at him, not like this. The alpha’s body shook as he continued speaking, words wavering from out of him.
"How do you know this?"
“Well then, tell him John… Tell Victor you’re not interested.” Sherlock folded his arms over his chest and glared across the table at his mate.
"Right." John choked out, unable to will the wetness from his eyes, it doubled in seconds and he was barely containing them. "I... I understand, it's... It's your choice and..."
“It is impossible right now. Your husband needs to be under general anesthesia to remove the bullet and stop the bleeding; the fetuses wouldn’t be able to survive in the first trimester. If your husband doesn’t have the surgery, he will die. There is no easy answer.”
"And to think I was just about to say Alan Rickman." John waited for it and wasn't disappointed when Victor let out a displeasing groan.
Sherlock smirked moving closer to the edge, positively delighted with this discovery.
"You are." Sherlock sighed and nuzzled John's jawline with more care than he thought the omega possessed. Maybe it was the real omega revealing itself through the man's tattered mind. A little reminder why he was doing this. Though the changes were not so obvious, this submission on his part was soothing the pains he had caused Sherlock. Given enough time, Sherlock would heal more and more. If it left a few scars on John's person he could take it.
Sherlock was a good man and a kind alpha. Regardless of their arguments and John’s rejections, Sherlock was trying to give him a way out. Help, but not take advantage of him. John wanted to laugh at the very idea, because from another’s view on this situation, it most certainly looked the complete opposite.
“Hello.” There was clear aggravation in his voice now, harsh and threatening.
His parents comforted him and delivered encouraging praise, while his sister stared on sadly. Strangers who remained walked over to him and congratulated him and introduced themselves, but John couldn’t understand what they were saying. He kept thinking about himself and his life that was forever changed.
He sat heavily; sheathing Sherlock’s engorged cock fully into himself, a strained noise spilling out of him. Needing more, needing to be knotted and stuffed full of Sherlock’s seed drove John’s movements.
A week and a half after his heat, Sherlock and John sat across from one another eating breakfast in comfortable silence. John was pleased that Sherlock was actually eating the eggs and bacon he’d prepared for them.
Pups.
"My personal assistant just reminded me I needed a check up and I thought it'd be nice to meet up again, two birds with one stone." Victor smiled with his eyes, his features softening pleasantly. Kindness in his demeanor, yet John felt an almost animal slyness with his approach.
Sherlock didn’t need any further explanation, within seconds he was racing up the stairs and to their flat. John didn’t even think as he ran after him. Opening the door, Sherlock strode into the living room.
"Hello John. Can I come in?" Before the alpha could respond, the omega boldly shouldered past him and entered the home.
“Actually, we’re closer to the beginning.” Sherlock snickered and John groaned.
” Mrs. Hudson gasped, rising to her feet, understanding the omega’s intent.
A deep rumbling broke the momentary calm and John fixed his eyes on Sherlock, the alpha glaring at Mycroft.
Planting a warm hand to Sherlock's oiled belly, John smoothed over the skin, coating it further in the stretch mark remover cream. Sherlock whimpered softly, staring at John's gentle hand and raised his own to cover it. John's hand stilled as he met Sherlock's gaze once more, his eyes were warm and kind. So full of love Sherlock felt overwhelmed.
“I’ll just head for the shower now; leave your mug in the sink. I’ll clean it later.” John spoke softly, palmed Sherlock’s cheek, raising the alpha’s head to stare at him fully before leaning down and kissed him lightly on the lips. Then John turned and left.
They lay together for long moments in time. Sherlock pet John’s hair dotingly, another hand tenderly caressed his back. John draped himself over Sherlock, catching his breath, pressing gentle kisses across the span of his chest.
Sherlock shut his eyes, wincing at the admission, and bowed his forehead against John’s, their bodies drenched in sweat and sex, but John didn’t mind, their scents mixed well with one another.
John wasn’t sure what it had been. This whole ordeal with Irene had worn him out, body and soul. As he lay across from Sherlock in their bed that didn’t seem quite like theirs anymore. After they’d found Irene in their bed, John had angrily washed the sheets four times, but the memory of Irene lying in their bed sent John raging. Eventually, he’d thrown the bedding away and replaced it with a new set. John glared at Sherlock that night daring him to say something in regards to the change, but Sherlock simply stared at the bedding, then at John, before breaking eye contact and getting in bed.
“Mm, it works for me.” Sherlock mused.
“Will you taste me now?” John was hopeful. He wanted Sherlock’s to take him by his mouth as he’d done that one time he’d first brought John off during his heat.
“I look at you.”
Sherlock’s face glowed from heat and sweat, and he wetted his dry lips with a swipe of his tongue. John watched the movement with intrigue. He wanted to feel that tongue against his own, taste the alpha in a way he’d been defiantly refusing himself the chance to. Before John could comprehend his actions, he was palming Sherlock’s neck and yanking him back down so that the tips of their noses brushed against one another’s. Sherlock’s eyes widened, staring in question and nervousness, halting his movements and John whimpered in protest.
“It was a stab to the spleen. He didn’t need it anyways, and to hell with that witch’s nerves, if she wants children so badly let father take up a young omega.”
John froze. His breath caught in his chest as he listened carefully in on Sherlock’s harsh pants. He should pull away, but then…
." John cut in quickly, averting his eyes when he'd realized he'd spoken more commandingly than he'd meant to. Swallowing audibly, John attempted to mend his roughness, "I... I don't think that would be the best idea. I've already assured my omega of that."
John scowled; he wasn’t going to be bought.
Harry sent off another wave of alpha pheromones and it did much the same as his father’s had. As John sat between his father and sister, he listened to his family talk about everything but what was most paining John’s heart, and he was grateful for this.
How could Sherlock possibly love John when he loved this beta with his whole heart? John’s brows furrowed with pain, unable to hide the agony that overwhelmed as his thoughts continued down a tormenting path of heartache and lifelong rejection to come. John truly was Sherlock’s obligation, his duty, and Sherlock was to forever be trapped in an unwanted marriage.
Damp moss, rosewood, and hazelnut — who would have thought he’d have such a head rush from just one whiff of his omega.
John simply nodded and the two made their way back to the estate, side by side, smiling at one another. Sherlock knew the likelihood John would remember this was slight, but still, this was one of the best days they’d had together.
Lying to his future bond mate and husband… John hated the idea and felt guilt for already thinking about the years they would spend together. John portraying himself as something he wasn’t… but Harry… for Harry he would lie. John would do anything for Harry. Sherlock… He would make it up to him. He would dote on him and care for him for the rest of his life, amending the betrayal he’d have started the foundations of their marriage on.
What was most difficult was talking to Sherlock, because although Sherlock had let him go, he wouldn't stop with the phone calls, every Sunday night, eight on the dot.
“Quite clear. Is your wife away for long?”
“Oh yes, of course.” Sherlock answered acrimoniously, staring intently at the strings of his violin, drawing inward.
“Sherlock, dear, it’s your wedding.”
Sighing, John smiled weakly up at the tense man before him.
“This arrangement… We’re trying to make it work, but…”
“Calm down John. Please. You shouldn’t be doing this in your condition.” Sherlock desperately requested, gentle hands wrapping around John’s clenched fists jerking at his collar.
"Now really Sherlock, saying that you'll kill me is a bit... dramatic. Don't you think?"
"John?"
“Look at me. I’m afraid, John. Afraid.” Sherlock took a drink of the glass he’s swiped from a table and then held it up to stare at the glass, his hand shaking.
"Before you say anything, our breakfast wasn't all that filling and I need something with substance." Sherlock grumbled.
“Hmm?” John was bemused that Sherlock stared at him apprehensively.
John never, not once had he thought that the love Sherlock had for this beta would be unrequited. John knew it was horrible, but this new information made him happy. John felt a sense of relief.
“It doesn’t matter. I lost my character for a moment, thinking… Thinking things I shouldn’t have, but it matters not anymore.”
John smiled kindly.
sweet—an omega then. Why would a bound omega be living with another alpha? The bond mark on John’s neck, the way he smelled completely of you and you him, then today I notice the matching wedding rings on both of your fingers, which meant that you are John’s bond mate. Not to mention that you’re a Holmes and an heir to a massive inheritance. Come on Sherlock, did you really think you could hide this? Love surely has muddled your brilliant mind.” Lestrade chuckled out the last bit lightheartedly.
“Your heat.”
"Oh Sherlock." John had shakily whimpered.
friendly betas at school.
Sherlock bit his tongue and fisted the sheets. John's hand moved in a circle, a circle that was large and slow. That circle became smaller and smaller. That warm hand glided over every part of his abdomen before widening and closing in, again and again.
, so now I’m ridiculous? Not only did I have to see that… that
” John whimpered shakily, unable to refuse.
"You do? Seriously?" John wondered if Sherlock was sincere or playing a role.
A piercing whimper broke through the silence, followed by dishes breaking across the tiled floors of the kitchen. John's eyes snapped open and set their sights on Sherlock as the quaking omega crumpled to the floor, surrounded in the mess of broken appliances and dishes.
Pressing the pad of his thumb against the opening of Sherlock's entrance, he gently rubbed the silk-like flesh. It was soft, pliable, almost plush. The slit slightly dipped and opened by the gentle, and so careful press of John's thumb. The rim of Sherlock's opening wavered, muscles contracted around his thumb, attempting to hold fast and swallow his thumb wholly. The resistance was slight by the tender press of his thumb, but he knew--no matter that Sherlock was at the peak of his heat and his body was undoubtedly ready for him--no amount of preparation would ease the breach of his cock.
“Move.” Sherlock panted heavily.
John didn’t know if he could go on his own, but with Mrs. Hudson he felt like he could, and weakly nodded his head in agreement.
Within the reception hall Sherlock couldn’t tear his eyes away from his omega seated at the open bar, drinking gloomily with his sister. His parents and in-laws tried to talk to him, but he didn’t pay them much mind. His omega really felt the need to drink his sorrows away. Did he really hate Sherlock so much so that he needed to get himself drunk?
Victor Trevor - now he was the perfect embodiment of an omega. Beautiful in the eyes of all alphas, so of course John needed him in his life. Having Sherlock asking him to stop seeing him must have been difficult for John, because if it hadn't been for his sister, John might have been able to mate with someone like Victor instead of Sherlock.
A wrecked whine broke from Sherlock’s unexpectedly quivering form and John… knowing he’d completely gone nutters, thrust his hips once more. John’s own arousal came to life as he continued to scent his alpha and rub against him.
It hurt. Sherlock couldn’t keep putting himself out there for John to shoot him down like he was nobody. His heart was tattered and unbearable heartbreak was his only comfort. He lived each day with emptiness in the pit of his stomach as it churned horribly, and a devastatingly seizing heart.
.” Sherlock insisted briskly, tugging John’s arm in the direction of the open door.
“No, no, no. I can't possibly be away from the office for any length of time. Not with the Korean elections so… Well, you don't need to know about that, do you? Besides, a case like this, it requires... legwork.”
The tormented cry that burst forth from Sherlock pained John, who did not stop, only continued to push further inside, until he was at last fully within, up to the hilt. Claws dug painfully into his scalp, all while Sherlock tugged John closer still against the warmth of his neck. Wounded whimpers filling the otherwise silent room.
Gregory's heart melted.
Sherlock was voiceless, blankly staring at John as he processed this newfound information.
, but he was frozen in place. He stared, just stared, eyes wide, fear clear on his face as the once unaware groom took in his presence. His once vacant unresponsive gaze shifted to one of fascination and perceptiveness. He scanned John’s form, slow and calculatingly, and then John was unprepared for the soft smile that graced his lips. That stunned John. Why would the man smile? Was it a smirk, satisfaction for finally meeting the omega he would breed, or was it of comfort—reassurance that it was okay to be nervous.
John didn’t meet the alpha’s immovable stare. Mycroft seemed like a nice enough chap, and he didn’t feel intimidated with the older man, not like he did with Sherlock. It was better just to talk to the mediator. John knew he wouldn’t feel comfortable talking to Sherlock. How could he ask the alpha directly for what it was he needed, it felt…strange. He’d been taught to keep his distance from his alpha unless his alpha required his
Sherlock was so close now; he could feel his stomach coil in the want of it, the starting of release, and a throaty noise deep in his chest was released. John's hand took hold of his stout cock and gave it hard, quick jerks, his thumb rubbing urgently at the underside after every upward stroke.
“I had bad days!”
The casserole he'd set to bake was in flames, crackling and hissing char. Cursing further, Sherlock grabbed a towel nearby and attempted to put out the casserole. Some more cursing and slapping of casserole later, Sherlock was standing in the middle of the kitchen glaring at his destroyed meal. His clothes stained with crusted food. He couldn't even bake a simple casserole. How the hell was he going to get sexy time with John when he couldn't even-
to ease the way for his cock. It would hurt regardless of his attempts, but if he prepped Sherlock enough, the pain would be far less so than without it.
Mrs. Holmes chuckled with amusement.
“I see where you’re coming from.” Mycroft acknowledged, “Nevertheless, Sherlock is an alpha and he’s waited for you for a rather long time. If this had been when he was
“It’s fine. I understand. It won’t happen again.” John graveled, raised the comforter over his head and shut his eyes, trying to find sleep.
“I was right? Right about what?” John snorted with disbelief and amazement, glancing at the phone that could seemingly tell another person about himself.
“I don’t like being touched by you! You say you’re obedient, but you try to touch my thigh and when I told you to knock it off, you hold my hand!”
John snorted, “Yeah, whose fault was it that I’m up now?”
The man was… Beautiful. Slender, a bit too slender, but his eyes were striking. His features alluring and singular, piercingly high cheekbones, curved pale pink lips, with a sense of innocence. Without thinking, John took a step forward, followed by another, each step earning him a clearer view of the man before him.
"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry Sherlock." John pressed his nose against Sherlock's left cheek, scent marking him as his hands ran a soothing path along his back.
"So does this mean...?" Sherlock couldn't say it, it would hurt too much if he was wrong.
Hard pounding from a distance followed another ring of the doorbell and Sherlock growled furiously.
“Sleep now. We’ll talk more when we’ve rested some.”
John shifted back into the bed, resting against the wooden headboard. Computer placed on his lap, John raised his gaze and scanned the empty room, stared at the shut door of the room, then back to the computer screen.
Breaking their kiss, Sherlock raised a hand to grip at John's wrist of the very hand working him open in preparation of taking his tree trunk of a cock.
John sat up on his knees and took Sherlock's outstretched hand and helped his omega onto the bed. Sherlock let out a deep breath of contentment when he settled down onto his side on the bed. Much like always, Sherlock didn't realize how tired his body was from the day's activities until after he lay in bed.
The alpha on the screen took several cautious steps towards the bed. Where John expected the omega to reject the alpha’s advances, he was stunned when the omega bayed feebly, pleadingly. The alpha was on the bed in a heartbeat, hurriedly crawling over on top of the omega, growling triumphantly when the omega tilted its head back and revealed the bond bite, marking him as his alpha’s mate.
“I don’t need a friend.” Sherlock savagely snarled.
John froze for a moment. He couldn’t let Sherlock know. It was a part of the agreement he’d made with Mycroft. He couldn’t risk Sherlock learning the truth. He needed to ensure his sister got the donor liver he’d been promised.
“Would you…join me? That is… If you know the way.” John stammered and watched carefully as the alpha blinked, taken aback.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
. John choked back a laugh of disbelief.
Mycroft blushed and turned away from Gregory's sight and Gregory laughed harder.
“Oh!” John was enthralled, canting his hips in earnest, countering each of Sherlock’s shoves up with one down, and screamed out in utter satisfaction, Sherlock plunging in fully, filling him up in every way he needed.
tell her." Sherlock repeated himself for emphasis. Lord, he couldn't tolerate dealing with his mother right now.
Sherlock’s breathing intensified and John worried Sherlock was close to full-blown hyperventilating. Sherlock looked away again to press his fingertips to his temples, and groaned in anguish.
“Tea?” John offered.
Sherlock moved to stand a foot across from John and watched with interest as the omega’s eyes scanned his form.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock felt so slick and his cock gave a jolt with the thought of how he was disgustingly soiled. But it felt so good to be sloppy with the juices of three sexes. Sherlock wanted to be dirty. He wanted to be soaked in his slick and his come, in John's come. He wanted that every day of his life. He wanted to reek of sex, not just any sex, but sex-with-John. He wanted everyone to know he'd been thoroughly fucked by his alpha. So there was no question that although he was pregnant, he was still desirable to his mate.
.” Sherlock hissed uneasily.
been just a bite. It was an overly affectionate alpha scenting and laying more affection than necessary. John couldn’t help it though. His alpha was so maltreated, lacking the touch and care of a mate for so very,
Sherlock said nothing, but did as he was told, smiling brightly. John felt the other Holmes’ eyes on them, but he didn’t give a damn. As he ate, he never realized he smiled just as brightly as Sherlock did.
John smiled shyly and was heartened when he noticed Sherlock’s reddened face. Despite that this wasn’t where he saw things going, if Sherlock wanted to make this marriage work and could be monogamous, why couldn’t John make an effort?
“John,” Sherlock began gravely, “We should talk.”
Setting his things on the counter, he retrieved the ones most agreeable to his preferences and entered the shower. For long moments John just let the heated water spray his body, slowly soothing the tension. A maid must have done it. An alpha wouldn’t concern themselves over their omega’s comfort. Once John finished showering and readied himself for bed, he shut off the lights and slipped under the covers and stared at nothing, lost in thought.
Palming Sherlock's face within his hands, John met Sherlock's gaze with determination.
“I know it’s a lot to handle, but it will drown out your scent enough to lead you inside.” Harry huffed, wordlessly assisting John’s weak form in slipping it on.
John was a mess. He wasn't ready to love, when he couldn't even love himself. Pushing away his past, burying it, and trying to love Sherlock hadn't worked. Ignoring his problems didn't either. No. Sherlock didn't deserve that kind of love. A love that was condemning, ill-fated, no.
“What are you playing at?” John snarled, rage bubbling to the surface.
“No! I won’t marry that alpha!” John swore and without another word stormed to his room and slammed the door behind him.
Sherlock hissed, squirming restlessly in the aftershocks of his climax, John's hips remaining solid pistons, pumping into Sherlock and electrifying his pleasure point to pain. It was discomforting and highly unwanted, but Sherlock endured it because they weren't finished, he needed John to come. He needed to be filled and so he spread his legs open farther apart.
Warily looking up at Sherlock, John wasn’t sure if he’d said too much. Sherlock’s features were still unreadable.
“Just mine — My pretty Sherlock.” John moaned, the fingers of his left hand smearing the globs of cum at the bulb of his cock, his right moving so fast over his slickened shaft it was nearly a blur.
Pulling away from the alpha, Sherlock held tightly to John's jugular and yanked him towards him. John strangled out a noise of protest, but quickly followed the omega's lead as it would cause him pain not to. His breathing was short and unsteady by the hold Sherlock had on his throat and the deranged Sherlock felt his inner omega curl up on itself, whimpering pathetically as he defied his instincts to nurture his mate and instead wished to inflict pain.
John wasn’t sure how Mycroft found out he had an appointment to see his therapist, but he was grateful for the ride. He didn’t think there was a taxi company that would drive so far out to pick him up and take him to the city.
“So close, Sherlock, going to breed your fertile womb. Make your narrow waist stretch and hold all our babies. You’ll be round, so round, and I’ll worship you. Feed you. Love you. Suck you off when I can no longer enter you because you’ll be so bloody pregnant with my load. Fat, heavy and wide.
“I’m so sorry my dear.” Mrs. Holmes whispered soothingly.
No. John wasn’t going to cry. He refused to cry. He was going to solve this fucking case, reassure Sherlock that he wasn’t crazy, and then Sherlock could go fuck himself because John wasn’t going to try anymore.
” John throatily wept, nuzzling his alpha’s neck, scenting the shock and worry radiating off of Sherlock, but knew he’d fix it along with everything else he’d messed up, given enough time.
“I can't.” Sherlock declined.
"You do a dirty trick like that again and it will be more than a broken nose I give you."
That didn’t happen. John grew older, became a certified trauma doctor, and still never met anyone. John then felt the call to join the army and become an army medic and he’d signed up after informing his sister. Harry worried about him, but he had her support, and he felt reassured she’d be safe because Harry had Clare now. So John left England for the army and things were good for a time. John got to experience the excitement and thrill that came with the war; he got to save lives, became Captain and earned the respect of many.
“Oh, just passing the time.” Sherlock said, staring at John with
Height: 6’0
Sherlock thought, ashamed of himself when he palmed his cheeks and he found them wet.
Laying himself flat on his back, John raised his knees, bending them and spreading them open in full view of the hidden camera facing the bed and Sherlock felt the omega within squirm at the sight of his bond mate. John was a complete mess, flushed flesh, heaving sweaty chest, the chest hair was dark, darker than John’s blond hair and it wasn’t unattractive. Sherlock found thick chest hair unattractive, but this… John’s chest hair wasn’t thick, it was light, not as light or fine as his own, but enough so that one had to be close to notice it entirely — or have a high-tech camera that could scope it out. The dark chest hair lightened further down John’s torso, lower still, a dark trail led from under John’s navel to the thicket patch of dark gold pubic hair. Sherlock shivered. He felt a full-on shiver claim him at the sight of John’s hand reaching out and griping a hold of his throbbing, soiled with cum cock.
Silence followed, the omega slowly circling the alpha, taking in his slanted head, open neck, lowered eyes to the ground, shoulders slumped, seeming broken of the will to fight. A broken alpha.
A week came and went and Sherlock hadn't spoken a word to John. He listened,
John ignored the alpha, putting his clothes back on before sitting on the closed toilet and silently condemning himself and his behavior.
Once... A
John's face hardened, too tense, revealing nothing, and yet by doing so revealed everything.
“The police don’t consult amateurs.” Sherlock grinned, smug.
He said he was sorry. John should have accepted his apology. What had he done wrong? He'd done it all for John, but his omega refused to listen to him. Refused to acknowledge the truth--that Sherlock had been selfless in this one act.
Ella’s words reached John’s ears in that moment and he knew she’d been right. He needed to at least
“Mm.” John hummed his reply, unable to speak; worried his voice would shake and shut his eyes, trying to find sleep.
“I just need to think.”
“I’ve missed something, haven’t I?” John tried for casual, but when he met Sherlock’s eyes and the alpha broke eye contact with him, something within John wilted.
John buried his head in his hands and whimpered, “I’m so miserable, Sherlock. I’m trying, God, I am trying to make this work, but I can’t. You’re asking too much of me.”
"What are you saying John?" Dark brows furrowed in contemplation.
“John.” Sherlock cooed, soothing, no longer seeking answers, realizing John couldn’t possibly tell him in that moment.
Now, staring across to the relaxed alpha, Sherlock contemplated what his husband was hiding. If John had been a regular alpha, Sherlock would have concluded he was cheating, but John was a submissive alpha. John wasn't a cheater. His biology made him monogamous.
A crowd was gathering, and there were panicked voices. People shouting for help.
“Push yourself back to the center of the bed.” Sherlock ordered once more and John did as he was told, stumbling slightly within the darkness of his shut eyes.
“I can put her on the top of the donor list, not just here, but every other country; she’ll receive the liver as soon as you marry the omega. I promise you this.”
“I made vows and I’ll keep them.”
“Regardless, I am sorry, but I cannot approve of such a request. Is there anything else that you require?”
“Good night.” John smiled tentatively back, before retrieving the first aid kit and exiting the room, shutting the door behind him.
occasions) did it, but all in all, he shied away from human touch. It wasn't that it repulsed him, it was that it, for lack of a better word, unsettled him. It didn't feel right to be touched. It wasn't unpleasant, in fact, as a child it had felt comforting to have his mother embrace him, especially when he had a difficult day at school.
“I want to.” John divulged with a sigh.
John’s shut his eyes tightly, willing the reappearance of tears away as he struggled to moderate his breathing, because breathing was all the more so difficult with this knowledge.
They continued to speak and all through it John listened to them. Something was off; Sherlock's parents didn't seem as upset as he would think them to be. The moment they were left alone, Sherlock explained that they'd be staying for the next few days and John understood why, but still...
Sherlock tried speaking. Opening his mouth in the starting of speech, but nothing came out. John sat up before reaching out for the immovable omega, and helped Sherlock sit upright.
Dartmoor sounded like a wonderful place to take a trip to, and John began to contemplate all the beautiful sightseeing trips he could take with Sherlock. The small local shops they could explore. There must be a cozy hotel or inn they could reserve for themselves, and in the beauty of Dartmoor, during the high of a case, that would be the best place to consummate his love for Sherlock. The best place to confess his love and work up the courage to strengthen their relations.
“I don’t care!”
“I… I brought you some tea. I thought it might help.”
“We lost our criminal.”
"So... You're not mad?"
"Distinguished."
“What are you typing?” Sherlock inquired of John who was typing quietly on his laptop, writing his blog while Sherlock drank from his cup of coffee and flipped through the papers of the newspaper.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
omega Sherlock-"
“I will next time.” John answered tiredly, eyes downcast, not wanting to argue, not wanting to look at Sherlock, not wanting to be in the same room as the alpha and yet he did, and it was all so puzzling.
now touched Sherlock for whatever reason.
John's eyes raised and met Sherlock's icy stare and exhaling a breath of defeat, John did so. Sherlock felt the soft press of his lips, this time the kiss felt softer, more than just an action. More like sentiment. John's bottom lip dragged a brief moment before pressing another kiss. This kiss was followed by dark blue rising up to stare at him with a look that spoke of things Sherlock would rather not think about.
” John gasped startled when a hot tongue rolled along the shell of his ear and teeth grazed the lobe, before Sherlock was fervently sucking at it.
“Good.” John huffed.
“You need to stop taking care of me and take care of yourself.”
Teeth pressed along his scent gland and John stiffened. A soft growl rumbled out of Sherlock as his teeth pressed deeper, John instinctively grabbed the tall man’s arms, digging his fingers into the fine tuxedo as the alpha broke through the skin of his neck.
. And… I want an alpha submissive.”
"Mm." John shivered, biting his bottom lip, and quickly worked at removing his own clothes.
“Do you think… Would the Holmes’ null the agreement if they knew?”
"Guilt?"
"Nothing. Just... give him this." Sherlock reluctantly retrieved the envelope hidden in the breast pocket of his jacket and slipped it into Mycroft's hand.
Snuffling the towel so hard now, the fuzzy cloth was sucked into his nostrils and Sherlock felt droplets of warmth trickle out of his spouting head. His needy cry shifted into a reverberating howl, a song beckoning his mate.
“Right, I’m just the omega you got saddled with. I’ll be sure to keep my distance.” John answered weakly. He had no fight in him as he rose from his seat, not able to bear looking at Sherlock he left quickly and kept his gaze down to the floor.
The dampness of John’s release covered their hands; Sherlock’s hand remained laced with John’s as he raised them up. John pulled away enough to watch Sherlock who then proceeded to lick their fingers clean.
John continued searching the rooms and soon made his way to the end of the hall. Recollecting that the room to the right was where the alpha’s office was, he opened the door and entered the room.
“Put your left foot through the stirrup.” Sherlock informed, and John raised his foot high enough to reach it, but was quickly losing his balance as Axel was a tall horse.
"Yours." Sherlock claws retracted and apologetically stroked John's tender scalp.
When dark blue sparkled wetly, a sudden burst of feeling filled Sherlock's heart, and in a flash, it hit him fully. He couldn't lie to himself anymore. It was always nagging him, always there in the deepest part of his mind, trying to remain hidden from discovery. Sherlock couldn't hide it from himself anymore.
“I… I don’t feel like myself, because all I can think about is you.” Sherlock admitted warily, at a complete loss.
“I can’t live without our pups!” John swore, because this heartbreak was killing him from the inside out, his heart literally felt as if it would destroy itself.
Mycroft appeared positively pleased. "My word, brother of mine, so defensive. How you care for John."
Gregory stumbled back, being led by Heather’s insistent pushing, until he fell back onto his couch with Heather on top of him. The woman’s hands glided over his shirt, additional warmth as she controlled their kiss.
"Really, now you want to bother me?" Sherlock sighed dramatically, and palmed his stomach and rubbed at it gently.
“You are so smart, strong, and witty. I love everything about you.” John admitted without realizing what he revealed until after he’d spoken.
Lowering his hand to stroke over the alpha's upper chest, soothingly, giving off a sense of false discomfort, Sherlock leaned in close, until his mouth hovered near the alpha's right ear and spoke calmingly.
John shook his head, smiling fondly at the elderly beta, “No. I can hug just fine.”
That can’t be. No.”
Mycroft just smiled, but did not elaborate.
Harry nodded, brows furrowing in question. John knew she wanted to understand that day, but John couldn’t seem to summon up the courage to tell her.
“Punch you?” John asked incredulously.
Mr. and Mrs. Holmes were already seated when he entered the dining area. They’d greeted him and Mrs. Holmes began talking nonstop. Mycroft entered several minutes after John and seated himself quietly, flashing a smug grin to John who ignored him. Sherlock entered after they’d gotten halfway through their meal and seated himself beside John.
“We?”
“Yes, now close your eyes.” Sherlock commanded and John did, tensing slightly with nerves.
it was such a turn on.
"Sherlock?"
There was more, but Sherlock couldn't remember it. The pain of contractions was coming quickly and it was all he could think about now.
“Oh my, it must be a secret. Okay dears, no need to tell us. We’ll give you two your
Sherlock would stand off at the side of John’s bed and like a ghost watch as John slumbered before moving to seat himself on the edge of the mattress. He’d raise a hand to hold one of John’s limp ones and lay his upper body next to John’s and shut his eyes for long moments in time, never quite falling asleep. He’d inhale John’s scent in deep breaths and nose the omega’s shoulder gently.
Sherlock hummed at ease and crawled fully on the bed, until he straddled John’s lap. John let out a dissatisfying sigh, his legs felt trapped against the bed sheets and Sherlock was wearing far more clothing than was appropriate. A clawed hand shot out and grasped a hold of Sherlock’s scarf. The offending thick cloth felt hot to the touch, it was one of the many articles of clothing Sherlock wore that scratched at his skin, bothersome and unneeded. The tearing of fabric filled John’s ears with delight and he let the tattered scarf fall off the edge of the bed before fisting a hold of a finely crafted dress shirt.
"You're..." John shut his eyes, and dully banged his head against the door. His nostrils stung all as he took a deep whiff of his beautiful Sherlock in heat.
An omega could not survive the death of their alpha.
"Tea?
" Sherlock's claws drew blood, his pelvis grinding against his hand, thighs trembling, all while an obscene amount of pre-come spouted from the head of his cock, and slick squirted from his hole.
“Okay. I don’t understand what’s going on, but okay.” Harry said baffled, but nonetheless trustingly.
Relationships, Mycroft didn’t do them. They were complicated, messy and required far too much vulnerability. When Gigi died, so did something within Mycroft, and he knew there was no way to bring it back to life. Even so, Gregory Lestrade troubled Mycroft. Gregory made Mycroft feel deeply, a deep fear, but sentiment none the less. This worried the gentleman.
Mycroft was breathless as his men removed Sherlock from the room and six more agents entered his office.
As Sherlock strolled down the streets of London city, he dialed a number ferociously and the moment he heard the sweet greeting of his mother, he snapped.
“John…” Sherlock began, sounding unsure of himself, of John, of what they should do.
John woke up early the next morning. It was his day off and, instead of spending it sleeping in, John decided to get ready for the day. He hadn’t really made plans for today, but after their visit with Dr. Levy the day before, John felt energized. Instead of staying in bed with a slumbering Sherlock, John headed for the kitchen and prepared them breakfast.
“I already have, look how defensive you are.” Harry laughed harder and John scowled.
"I know this might not be the way to say it, but I want to have sex. I... I tried reading books about how to set the mood and I... I tried to be subtle, but that didn't really work, so... I really need it. John? Can we at least try? I... I don't know how to really... I mean there was our heat, but that was more instinct than anything else, and I might be utter rubbish at it, but I promise to get better. We can practice and if you find that I'm lacking, I could go to the store and buy books. That should help. I think? I'm sure I will learn ways to please you, so-"
“Sherlock.” John said gruffly when the alpha pulled away to meet his stare, hips canting, rocking their bodies against the mattress, assaulting John’s sensitive nerve, overstimulation to the extreme, but John wanted nothing more than for Sherlock to reach completion and mark him wholly and utterly.
“I would like it if we could live here instead of the estate.”
“I… I don’t want—”
Turning his head to the side and away from the pained alpha, Sherlock blinked his eyes, quickly righting himself. Reigning in the pain within and hurriedly wiping his face dry. When he turned to meet John's gaze once more his face was dry, his features gave no sign of his inner turmoil, yet his scent did not change. There was no fooling the alpha.
