My imagination takes over for a second and I can’t help but think of any number of secrets this could be -- Sherlock had called it salacious earlier.
“Acceptable,” he breathes out, and I find myself reeled in, Sherlock’s hand on the back of my neck as he kisses my forehead.  I close my eyes and lean into the pressure, feeling more centred at the contact.  We stay pressed together, silent and connected, in our private cocoon as the London streets fly by outside the windows.
“Count yourself lucky -- for awhile it seemed like every woman on the Tube was reading that book, 50 Shades of Grey, and once I knew what it was about, I would avoid anyone holding it out of sheer secondhand embarrassment.”
Chewing the inside of my mouth, I pause for just a second, wondering briefly if I have the courage to do this, but the doubt flickers away as quickly as it arrived.
“You find my mouth distracting?” I ask, aiming for sultry, but it sounds ridiculous to my own ears and I end up giggling.
The man looked like he was about to argue when another vehicle pulled up behind them, its headlights illuminating the interior of the taxi.
His brain whirred, rapidly shuffling through the experiments he could perform to gather enough data to adequately capture the historic importance of V-E Day.  Number of people in the streets?  The heart rates of those celebrating?  Pints of ale and spirits consumed?  Number of births recorded nine months from today?  Sherlock clapped his hands together under his chin - the possibilities were endless!  He would, however, have to be allowed out of this gilded cage first.
Sherlock’s eyes crinkled as he laughed. “True. And if we’re aiming for complete accuracy, then technically I think about kissing you 83.7% of time, at least when I’m awake, but I’m sure the idea of kissing you takes up room in my subconscious so that I dream about it as well, althought that’s harder to measure.”
“It’s just that I stopped for ingredients on my way home because I wanted to make you dinner, assuming things went well, of course.” Slightly embarrassed, I watch my hands as they continue their wandering across his shoulders, fingers dragging up the sides of his neck and then down the centre of his chest.  “And if we don’t get up right now, I fear that I will never move from your lap ever again, and I really do want to make you dinner.  As an apology and a promise.  To be better.  Moving forward.”
The tension in the room breaks and three heads swivel around to look at me -- Mycroft deeply unimpressed, Sally slightly amused, and Sherlock. . . well, I can’t quite figure out the expression on his face, but I continue nonetheless, “Sherlock is right here, and this is his life.  But you two are arguing as though it’s more important which one of you wins.  Just stop your bickering and focus, maybe.  God.”
I do roll my eyes then.  “Do not go through my stuff, Sherlock.  Number one rule of crashing at someone else’s place.”
As expected, the door was opened promptly by a footman, permitting Sherlock entry to his brother’s chambers.  There was a black overcoat hanging near the mirror and a bowler hat laid out on the table.  The valet was brushing the shoulders of Mycroft’s black dinner jacket as Mycroft himself straightened his cufflinks to his satisfaction.
I have five hours to kill and I have no idea how I’m going to survive it.  Five hours and then I have a date with Sherlock Holmes.  The realisation is overwhelming and I need to sit down on the stool behind the counter for a few minutes to catch my breath.
I slip on my trousers -- some rusty brown chinos that the lady in the shop convinced me to buy -- and do up a simple brown belt.  I forego my usual scuffed brown shoes for the only pair of dress shoes I own, a pair of deep mahogany Oxfords.  I deliberated for ages about taking a jacket, but couldn’t decide on one, so opted to go without.  Thankfully, it’s warm enough today for just a shirt.
“One of the unintended perks, I suppose, of me accompanying John tonight.”  Sherlock says, sounding amused.
“Anyone who doesn’t realise how amazing you are is a right idiot,” I add, pecking him on the cheek, and then disentangle myself from him.  Once free of his grasping fingers, I go off in search of my shoes and coat, patting my pockets to make sure I have my phone and wallet.
“Erm, yeah.  Wasn’t important, really.  Besides, I was hungry -- picked up some Thai food, if that’s okay?”  Without waiting for a response, I head into the kitchen to collect some plates and forks, carrying the lot into the sitting room and depositing it on the coffee table.  Sherlock trails behind me. “I didn’t know what you’d like so I just got a bunch of stuff.  Hopefully there’s something here that sounds good to you.”
So this is where I spend my days, where I lead a strange half-life. I wake up in this tiny flat that I bought after my wife left me (that is another story entirely), eat some toast with jam, pick up a coffee from the place around the corner as I walk to work, sometimes have dinner with my friends, more often than not, I spend the evening flicking through channels on my small telly and ordering a takeaway. Perhaps I wouldn’t be a million miles from his world if my life had led me to one of those three-story Notting Hill houses with access to a private garden.
John watched in fascinated horror as people began to genuflect, one after another, either saluting, bowing or curtseying in Sherlock's direction. The Colonel's expression showed a combination of outrage and shock, and over his shoulder, Molly and Irene were clutching at each other’s arms, while whispering furiously. He kept waiting for someone to contradict Sherlock, to call him out for the bold-faced lie, but the longer he surveyed the silent room, the clearer it became that wasn't going to happen.
There was a lot of nit-picking and rewriting this chapter to the point where I'd had enough and figured I'd just post it, so I hope you enjoy!  Thanks for reading so far and for all your lovely comments!
Captain John H. Watson wants nothing more than to spend VE Day in the peace and quiet of his sister's home. However, the night has other plans for him...
Her co-presenter, Charlie Stayt, picks up the narration seamlessly, “For the first time since the news broke on Thursday, Sherlock Holmes is speaking publicly about his past and he’s here in the studio with us this morning.”
I suddenly can’t be in the same room as Anderson a moment longer. “I’m going for a walk - you man the shop. Cheers for the coffee.” I tip my cup at him and make my way out the door to get lost in the thrum of the city.
“It is nothing you need to concern yourself with, just a minor misunderstanding,” he waved his hand as if to brush away their concern.  “I would very much appreciate it if you could take me to Trafalgar Square.”
Ahead of him, there was about twenty metres of grass before he reached the pavement along Piccadilly, the edge of the street dotted with trees in that overly planned way of modern cities.  Above the leaves, the Wellington Arch loomed in the centre of the roundabout ahead.  As he neared the pavement, he realised with a jolt that there was a fence barring his path.  He considered veering left or right to find an opening, but the Major, ten years his senior though he may be, was clearly in good shape, so he needed to lose him as quickly as possible and he was too out in the open in this part of London.
Greg’s booming laugh echoes off the kitchen cabinets and I giggle along with him.  Eventually we pull ourselves together, collect the wine glasses from the counter and make our way back to the sitting room.
“Not hungry.  Let’s stay here,” Sherlock says petulantly, attacking my neck with those luscious lips of his.  A giggle burbles up from inside of me and I try to push away, but he tightens his arms around me.
The weather invites people to wander through the streets of Notting Hill, like it’s the set of a romantic comedy and they’re falling in love amidst the market stalls and coffee shops.  It’s constantly busy and the bell over the door chimes more and more often as more people filter in to peruse the shelves, so I can’t begrudge them their happiness.
I even practiced saying it out loud a couple of times just to see if that helped make sense of it.  It didn’t.)
There was a moment of silence, during which his parents studied him with a sense of displeased resignation, and Sherlock wondered how they would choose to proceed. Now that Sherlock had extended an invitation to breakfast, it would be impossibly rude to send John away. While they deliberated, Sherlock continued to smile up at them, guileless and expectant; an approach he had often employed as a child to smooth ruffled feathers and get what he wanted.
Sherlock’s baritone rumbled near his right ear and John sucked in a gasp.  Distantly he heard the song still playing, but he was unable to move.  Embarrassment and arousal were at war within him.  When he didn’t move, Sherlock’s hands began shifting his hips for him, finding the rhythm, although rather disjointedly as John’s limbs no longer felt connected to his body.
While I spend some time worrying over what tomorrow will bring for Sherlock, I can’t help marvelling over novelty of moving through a bedtime routine with someone, the sheer domesticity of it.  Last night was incredible, and I cannot wait explore the physical side of our relationship further, but there’s something about tonight that’s even more special, more intimate.  I get to be there for him emotionally, and that is such a privilege and just as satisfying, if not more so, than the physical connection we have.  I feel like I’m finally starting to believe it -- that, just maybe, he is mine and I am his.
The doctor leaned in. “I have dreamt about being this close to you,” he sighed like if him being in 221B was a dream he was about to awake from.
John shook his head, taking a sip of his tea with a small smile playing on his lips. “It’s just you look so much better. So healthy,” he sighed. Sherlock lifted his chin. Of course he was. He was always fine.
"You're the least gay man I've ever met!" Sherlock says, a little too loudly, the cabbie giving them a curious look in the rear view mirror.
"You’re obviously not my equal in an intellectual capacity, but if I wanted someone like that, well -"
His voice was deceptively gentle when he murmured, "I'm going to enjoy this, Sherlock. I'm going to take it slow. I'm going to take you apart. I'm going to
John avoids Sherlock as much as he can for the next few days, and he can’t help but think that Sherlock’s making that easier than it would otherwise have been. Sherlock spends a lot of time away from the flat, and when the two of them are in the flat together, Sherlock retreats to his room for most of that time.
Sherlock paused where he was sat at the kitchen table with a case file, his eyes closed, listening to John moving behind him.
They kiss passionately for a few minutes, until John’s guilt at pretending Gabe is Sherlock gets the better of him. He breaks off the kiss and looks up into Gabe’s eyes, breathing out slowly.
John is still scowling as they get in the cab, still reeling from Sherlock's out-of-line comment. He's confused by the fact that his reaction has taken the form of a slow coil of firmly-denied desire forming in his gut, rather than the embarrassment or anger he thinks he should feel. Sherlock is texting intently on his phone as though nothing is wrong, checking his email and doubtless performing a hundred and one other tasks which all involve ignoring John. The man is a multitasking god and it's incredibly annoying right at that moment.
Mercifully, the next morning a case pops up to distract Sherlock's dangerously unoccupied mind. Five murders occur over the course of that one day and John spends it running with Sherlock across most of the city, kicking in doors and discovering corpses.
The next few minutes passed for Sherlock in a whirlwind of sensation—two unrelenting fingers plunging deep into him, slippery-wet, what should feel like an intrusion feeling like a revelation with each knuckle-deep push. His eyes were squeezed shut and his body was moving with each of John's thrusts, trying to take his fingers deeper, get more of John inside him.
, he’s hard. If he wasn’t so angry with Sherlock, he’d go downstairs, grab him and drag him up to his room. Push him face-down into the bed. Hold him down and fuck him like he said he would. Hard. Make him groan out ‘
"That’s what I have you for," Sherlock murmurs with a small smile. "Frankly, I know how terrifying I will most likely be in a courtship situation, so I wanted to spare you that. But if you won't be talked out of it, I suppose I have no choice," Sherlock murmurs, then clears his throat. "John, come home with me. Be mine."
"No comments for the press at this time, I'm afraid," he said with a friendly but disinterested smile. "Everything will be on the blog tomorrow."
"I don't know what I would have done without Reverie," John said. "Probably ended up in hospital a lot sooner. Or worse."
Sherlock's eyes slip closed and his brow creases slightly as he takes John deeper still. John can hear him trying to suppress his gag reflex and the thrust of his hips is completely instinctive. Sherlock gags around his throat full of cock and John shudders violently in response, holding Sherlock's hands tighter, thrilled that he's defeated the smug bastard's much-boasted mastery over his gag reflex.
"Fuck, you're really something," John murmured, eyes flicking from Sherlock's eyes to his mouth, to his nipple, then back to his mouth. "You've got me so hard already..."
Sherlock couldn’t hold in the groan he let out at that, his hips pushing up into the empty air of the room of their own accord. A small, uncharacteristically wicked smile played across John's lips.
"You're obviously real. If you weren't, he'd be trying to make a move on you. Instead he's trying to evade you or talk you into leaving and views you as a threat. Hence, you are from the so-called 'real world' and trying to extract him. Elementary," Sherlock said. "He's something of a cad you see, can't keep it in his pants. Chases after anything in a skirt," he added with an amused smirk.
I am, that you will stay, and maybe… let me?” He hated that his voice shook a little at the end there, but he felt proud that he had finally gotten it out.
The low moan Sherlock gave reverberated through the cock under John’s mouth and John couldn’t hold back any longer. He backed off just far enough to lift the fabric free and slide it down Sherlock’s long legs. Taking just a short moment to appreciate the view, John licked his lips and dove in, sliding the velvety tip inside and flicking his tongue at the slit. He let out a moan around the soft steel in his mouth, tilting his head back to meet Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock began tugging on the bottom hem of John’s jumper, pulling it up and scrabbling to untuck the button-down underneath. “Off, John,” he demanded. “Skin.”
“Brother mine,” he began, in his most supercilious tone, “it will be of some interest to you, I’m sure, that several minutes ago, a very well-dressed man was loaded into the back of a nondescript black car and driven off to a secure location.”
If you like adventure and humor, check out my Legend of Zelda WIP, 'From the Shadows', about Shadow Link, who kills Link and then, reluctantly, becomes the Hero. There’s also some Stucky (Captain America/MCU and one that features Deadpool and the gang and a fantastic soundtrack, imho) in the works, so if you like what you’ve read, stay tuned; there’s quite a bit more in my head. So. ‘Til next time. Peace out, y’all. :)
“Only in the best ways, John.” He leaned down and they shared a few kisses, then gravitated into the bathroom to clean up together and get ready for bed.
Taking his cue from Sherlock, John wrapped his arms around the wiry frame atop him, nuzzling his head against Sherlock’s, just revelling in being together, in being joined in this way, too, in having found this in each other.
everyone else. I want to know how it is that you’ve occupied every facet of my life so utterly completely.” He took another breath, slightly shaky, steeling himself for the hardest part yet. “And most of all, I want to know that you will stay. Regardless of how difficult and, and
Without conscious instruction from his brain, his arm rose and settled on John’s good shoulder, effectively placing the smaller man in his embrace. To his surprised delight, he felt John relax into him for a moment.
I finally did it! I wrote The Smut! It was intimidating as fuck, but I did it. Yay! Okay, please be honest - what did you think? I’ve not written it before, though I’ve read literal tons of it. Drop a comment and let me know. :)
“I should hope that you already know that I have never thought of you as unworthy, or my pet, nor anything less than the bravest, the kindest, and the wisest man it has ever been my privilege to meet.” He felt John looking at him and turned his head to meet the steel-blue gaze. “I’d be lost without my blogger,” he smiled, and watched John’s face light up in a smile Sherlock only ever saw directed at himself.
That doesn’t mean you won’t see them, though. One of my WIPs is a crossover between the Hobbit and Sherlock. It’s the one I talked about in the notes at the end of the last chapter; I’m going to restart it. Not sure if I’ll post as I write, however, because the last time I wrote it, I ended up wanting to change a major detail five chapters in that would’ve required massive edits/rewrites. But I still really like the story, so I’m going to do it. Wish me luck!
“Well, I was gonna do that, see, but then some great, impatient git decided to toss me on the bed, dinne?” He pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s pouty lips, reaching between them to unbutton his trousers. Sherlock straightened up to unfasten his own trousers, then climbed all the way off the bed to remove them. John stood, as well, and soon they were both down to their pants, standing close but not touching.
John urged Sherlock forward, watching that gorgeous, angular face as Sherlock’s cock slid inside John— or possibly, anyone, if John’s deduction proved true— for the first time. Where he’d taken his time sliding slowly into Sherlock, John preferred a quicker entry when receiving. He used his legs to guide Sherlock to keep surging forward, only pausing twice to pull out an inch and plunge in deeper than before, burying himself to the hilt inside John’s body in three long strokes and punching,
“What— you called Mycroft?” came John’s incredulous tone as he shifted to looking between the brothers. He did not, Sherlock noted, shift away or indicate that Sherlock’s loose embrace was no longer welcome.
He withdrew until just the very tip was inside again and then slid back in just to feel the head pop past the ring of muscle inside Sherlock’s body. His thrust took him a little deeper still, and John’s gaze flickered where it was boring into Sherlock’s as he ploughed farther into the tight sanctuary. Sherlock’s lids also fluttered, and John couldn’t stand it any longer; he pulled Sherlock down and plunged his tongue into his mouth as he continued to fuck into Sherlock incrementally.
“No, Sherlock. I need to know if you plan to meet some crazy arsehole in a darkened swimming pool— very dramatic, by the way; nice touch.” There was no mirth in the small smile on John’s thin lips, however, so Sherlock (wisely) decided not to speak again just yet. “Listen very carefully: no more secrets, no more lies. From here on out, you will be open and honest with me, or we will be done. Do you understand me?” His voice was low and dangerous, and Sherlock felt a subliminal shiver squick up his spine and heat pool unexpectedly in his groin.
He didn’t know at first which hand had elicited the groan, but he chalked it up as one of a dozen things he wanted to find out. They didn’t have as long tonight as John would like, having arrived home in the wee hours and due in Mycroft’s office by nine, so he contented himself with the basics for now, such as finding spots evoke the involuntary moans that set John’s skin tingling and also spots that were ticklish and to be avoided when time was of the essence. (Normally, John quite enjoyed laughter in bed; he felt it made the experience more intimate if the participants truly enjoyed each other. He was looking forward to laughing in bed with his best friend and partner.)
How many times had he dreamed of this very moment? How many times had he wondered what Sherlock would feel like all around him? And now he had it. John was clearly the luckiest sonofabitch on the planet.
John opened his eyes to find Sherlock watching him, something new sparking in the depths of his eyes that John knew was mirrored in his own, his heart plain for Sherlock to read.
“Moriarty will never be found guilty by a jury of his peers, however,” Mycroft continued. “He is a snake, a spider in the middle of a vast and complicated web with anchor points all over the world. He has the means and the motivation to threaten and sway any jury, even from behind the most secure of prison walls.”
In the next instant, John found himself flat on his back in the middle of Sherlock’s queen-sized bed, covers thrown to the end of it, and a startled laugh punched out of him. It died immediately at the predatory look in Sherlock’s eyes as he stood over the bed, looking down at John. No, that wasn’t right. Sherlock was
But Sherlock couldn’t trust his voice just yet, so he continued to say nothing; just went about sliding his key in the lock. He opened the door, rather roughly grabbed John by his wrist, and pulled him into 221 before firmly closing and locking it with shaking hands.
“I’ve brought your spring rolls,” he smiled. Sherlock closed his file and stood to take the bag from John’s hands. John gaped at him as he disappeared into the kitchen.
Sherlock had no reason to think that John was making his situation sound worse than what it actually was, because John was a tough man, and if he felt himself falling into a dark place that he himself has visited many a time, he had to help him. Sherlock thought back to those times he would catch John standing in his room, seemingly staring off into the distance lost in thought. John’s face had lost that inner glow, the most beautiful thing about him, and it never occurred to him that there may have been something wrong. He needed more data.
“He’s having a heart attack.” John rose and went to the medicine cabinet in the bathroom. Mrs. Hudson just managed to get Sherlock to open his glazed eyes.
Sherlock hailed a cab, pulling off his left glove, and as one arrived, slid his ungloved hand in the back of John’s jeans. His middle finger dipped into the cleft of John’s arse. John had to swallow hard to keep his erection under control. They slid into the back of the cab quietly.
“Because you’re an idiot.” Sherlock smiled. It had been so long since he’s had someone understand the madness behind his actions, even if John wasn’t up to his own intellectual standards, he was still mighty clever. Sherlock noticed that he was still smiling to himself and immediately shoved his smile down.
John’s cheeks pinked. “You’re a gorgeous thing to look at.” Sherlock couldn’t hide the color from his face either as he lowered his head. John busied himself with making the tea: a splash of milk (grimacing at the state of the refrigerator) in Sherlock’s while keeping his own black.
So, would he think of John negatively after learning about Victor? Would he be upset? And if he was, God forbid he be upset for Victor. John shook his head and went into the next aisle. Sherlock wouldn’t come to Victor’s defense. He was sure of it. They were trying to mend their relationship; siding with Victor would only widen the gap between them.
John stared at his friend. God, he wished he could tell Lestrade everything that had happened to Sherlock, but it wasn’t that easy. John needed to take back the dignity and confidence Sherlock lost with that fucker. Sherlock may be able to feign his apathetic confidence, but John knows that it’s not truly there. Not in the way Sherlock holds himself against John’s body, or the way he hides his tears. Sherlock may not be in touch with his emotions enough to reveal them out in the open, but John could tell when something was upsetting Sherlock. It took him a few years to figure it out. All those times ignoring the sad smiles and longing glances made him hyperaware of nearly every change in Sherlock’s face and demeanor. He needed Sherlock to feel like his regular self, and he was willing to do everything in his power to make it happen.
John faced the other man and mashed their lips together. He pulled away when the cabbie cleared his throat.
“Why were you fighting?” John licked his bottom lip instead of answering. “You’ve not been drinking, and it wasn’t at Tesco, because you’ve got fresh dirt stains on the edges of your shoes. Besides, you can’t have a proper row with a chip-and-pin machine, can you,” Sherlock punctuated with a tilt of his head toward John’s abused knuckles.
He was going to be the best version of himself for Sherlock, to not only make up for his past transgressions, but for the ones made by the Watson of Sherlock’s mind palace. He wouldn’t give Sherlock another memory that would ruin the safety of his mind again. When the world was too much, too much information, too many people, Sherlock escaped to the organized halls of his head, and for John to disrupt that peace, it was vile of him. It was something Moriarty would do. John was not going to give him more ammo to use against Sherlock, especially in his own damn head.
“You’re so gorgeous, Sherlock,” John groaned against Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock hummed with satisfaction when John latched himself onto Sherlock’s neck, sucking a dark bruise for everyone to see. John sucked his way down Sherlock’s neck, his hands bunching in the sheets. He felt light-headed from the intensity of his arousal; his amplified senses aching for contact with every dip and angle of Sherlock’s body, torn between his need to taste Sherlock and feel him wholly. Sherlock’s hands slid up the back of his neck into his hair, one thumb absently massaging the soft skin behind his ear while his other fingers curled into the short blond strands. John shuddered at the touch, tasting the silkiness of his skin as his mouth opened against one of Sherlock’s nipples. Sherlock made a soft, yearning sound at the contact, fingers tightening in John’s hair. His breath came out quick and hot. He closed his mouth around Sherlock’s nipple and sucked. Sherlock let out a cry, the ends of his fingernails digging into John’s scalp. Tingles ran down John’s spine; he slid his hands down Sherlock’s sides, counting each indentation between his ribs. He pulled away from Sherlock’s nipple and kissed a line down past his belly button. Sherlock’s skin was flushed pink and his breathing was ragged. John glanced up at his face.
“Will you just relax,” John growled. Sherlock threw himself onto a bench stool dramatically and crossed his arms over his chest with a childish pout. That luscious lower lip jutted out defiantly. John shifted on his feet before standing at the corner of the benchtop like he did those few years ago.
“No, Sherlock, please,” he murmured into Sherlock’s hair. “It’s okay.” John had a feeling that this lack of control was mostly due to the come down of Sherlock’s high, but it was quite plausible that these feelings were mostly foreign to him and more than a little frustrating for him to process.
John rummaged through the desk, opened his laptop to find it still on the lock screen, and let his hand linger on the haphazardly organized stack. Sherlock may not have the most organized method of file keeping, but this stack from Lestrade came together neatly. It was thrown atop the desk now. John glanced up toward the bison skull.
Thanks to everyone who's kept up with the story so far and my scattered uploads! I promise I'm trying to get better :))
“I was thinking.” Sherlock was thankful that the cocaine had already made it through his system, but the light feeling was lasting. All he wanted to do was curl up in John’s smile.
“He never managed to hurt me in previous trips into my mind palace. I was only there to retrieve information quickly. He was angry and violent, but we were separated by rooms he couldn’t get into, but he had strengthened over time. The longer that virus stayed filed away, the more belligerent he became. When I had reentered this last time, he knew why I had come, and he beat me to it.” Sherlock’s hand trembled in John’s. “I hadn’t even realized I had entered my mind palace. He had tricked me. I,” Sherlock paused. “I tried my best, but what is a detective to a soldier? I just managed to best him by exploiting a weakness of his. It was a lucky shot.”
John smiled against his lips. Their mouths were gentle against one another, unlike all the other times of rushed snogging in between lunch breaks. There were no more secrets between them, and even though not everything was properly solved, it was a start.
“Yeah, but some of the guys wanna take photographs,” he grins as Sherlock rolls his eyes before continuing.
He was still perfect as he slid from the armrest to the floor, resting his hands on John’s knees. Sherlock opened the front of his jeans, carefully reached in, and pulled John’s cock from his pants. The bite of the zipper’s teeth made John jerk. Sherlock yanked down his jeans with John lifting himself up. Sherlock resumed his nuzzling, taking in the heady scent of John’s crotch. It was inherently John. Cheap soap, sweat, and just, simply, himself was so incredibly intoxicating, Sherlock thought he would have to sit down next. He had gotten well acquainted with John’s smell over the years together, crushed up against each other in alleyways or bent over one another as knife wounds were stitched up. It was a smell Sherlock would bottle up and keep forever. Sherlock parted his lips and gave the head of John’s cock a wet kiss. John moaned above him.
Sherlock gasped when John brushed his body’s entrance, arching himself into John. The other man bent again and nipped at the ticklish buds on Sherlock’s chest. Laughter ripped from Sherlock’s throat as he gripped John’s shoulders and rolled away, taking them both to the hard floor. Elbows bumped the floor, sure to bruise by the morning. John’s back pressed roughly into the floor as Sherlock straddled his hips.
Sherlock smiled darkly and licked off the last pearly bead that had accumulated on John’s prick. John scrambled to his knees despite feeling dizzy and took Sherlock’s mouth. He licked his way in and wrapped a firm hand around Sherlock’s cock. He dipped his thumb into the slit and rubbed the wetness around softly. Sherlock moaned in John’s mouth, desperate and hazy. John tasted himself on Sherlock’s tongue as he pumped Sherlock slowly. The detective was unfocused with his kisses. The only thing he could feel was John’s hot skin against his; the way John’s lips were strong while his were lazy. His shallow breathing faded away as he grew closer to that dangerous peak. It had been a long while since another person had been trusted enough to interact with him at this level. He hadn’t needed to use his “charm” on the good doctor.
he trying to do in his head? John shook his head. He shouldn’t be sitting here thinking of the other man. He should be right beside him.
John considered the note. Maybe a previous doctor had already figured it out but didn’t want to tell her to head to therapy. Of course, John would be the one to.
When John finally came home, Sherlock had done some washing, replaced the jumper in its rightful spot, and slid into his navy dressing gown. He was on his third cold case when John entered. John looked weary from a long day, but obviously had too much unspent energy.
“Whatever it is you’re thinking about, stop, because I’m going to finger you until you’re ready for my cock.” The thoughts in Sherlock’s head ground to a halt. Did John say… Yes. It’s what he’s been waiting to hear.
John closed the door behind her with a smile. He let out a long breath and climbed the steps again. Sherlock was sitting on the arm of John’s chair. He looked absolutely gorgeous in his black shirt and trousers.
“The first hit was to relax me. I have done a total of three injections. The most recent was within the last couple of hours. As to why I look like this,” Sherlock frowned, “Victor has always had a particularly violent sexual past. I was just too lost in my own head to argue against feeding my own high.”
“We’re here, mate,” the cabbie called. John handed him some bills and exited the cab. John had originally thought to go to the address that was tied to the number, but owners change, and the last thing he wanted to do knock down the door of some scared family. He had asked to be dropped off some ways away from the alleyway where Lestrade had found Sherlock high and emaciated. John stuffed his hands into his coat pockets and headed for the darkness he knew he would throw himself into head-first.
John gingerly opened the warm, smooth box. It was lined with plush black velvet and was obviously something very cherished by its owner. The hypodermic needle inside was an antique and kept in pristine condition. Next to it were alcohol swabs and a neatly coiled rubber tourniquet.
There were no words exchanged or even a glance. Just an unbearably tight squeeze of his inner thigh. Sherlock tried to squirm away from John’s painful grasp, but the doctor held him down.
John took to the kitchen while Sherlock occupied the couch. He had removed his woolen coat and scarf and draped his jacket over the arm of the couch. He leaned back and rested his head. John tinkered in the kitchen, setting the water to boil while he gathered the mugs. After several moments, he brought over their tea and sat next to Sherlock.
“Oh, boys! How did your afternoon go? Solve any cases today? I’ve got some lovely pastries from that little bakery that you like, Sherl-”
There was only so much he could take of this. John leaned away with an unexpected groan and kissed under Sherlock’s jaw. The other man’s knees buckled a tad, but John held onto him tight, hands roaming his narrow back.
Hey everyone!!!!! I am so, so, soooooo sorry for taking this long to give y'all a new chapter. I had finals and I was trying to get my apartment cleared out to move, and I had senior year college shit to partake in and everything was so hectic! The homework and work never ends lol
“After you left for Serbia, I stood on the roof of St. Bart’s time after time. I would imagine you still standing there at that edge, and I would align my feet with yours. I wanted to jump after you, Sherlock. That’s all I dreamt about. I would leave early for work just so I could have time to stand where your body had hit the pavement. I swear, I could still see the blood staining the pavement. It was on one particularly bad day, I had too many pints, and I made my way to Bart’s again, because I had decided that it would be the day I would join you. Where at? I had no idea, but I knew that I had to see you again.
“Come across my back,” Sherlock growled. John’s hands tightened on Sherlock’s hips at the thought, but there was no way he would with Sherlock’s body in the state it was in. John held some semblance of self-control enough to know that it was Not Good to ejaculate across Sherlock’s open wounds.
“These were unexpected, John. This is blatant murder.” He chewed his eggs before continuing. “Lestrade held a press release today. I’ve texted him several times. I am just awaiting his call.”
John was rushed out of the delivery room. He had not seen so much blood since Afghanistan. The doctors hurried Mary’s unconscious body into surgery.
Sherlock’s hand shot up to grip tightly around John’s wrist. John stilled against him, fighting his instinct to damage Sherlock’s hand.
She had helped him lay off the booze and alleviated some of his sadness, but there was only so much she could do to patch up a broken man.
“What happened, Sherlock?” John removed his fingers and sat next to him. Sherlock moved away from his warm touch. The sun had left his skin burning and feeling blistered. John tried to hide his frown, but Sherlock’s behavior had taken a total one-eighty. He had lost him the moment he had touched his scar, mumbling about the heat and the pain in his chest. John tried his best to snap him out of whatever thought he had delved into without touching him and adding to the flurry in his mind, but the straining muscles in Sherlock’s neck forced his hand. The moment John placed his palms against Sherlock’s cheeks, the faraway look in his eyes sharpened.
John moved onto the bed, on his hands and knees, and lay down beside Sherlock, facing him. Sherlock's teeth chattered as another shudder went through his body, his eyes magnetically drawn to John's face. John's eyes met his.
"Telepathy is impolite," John breathes as he turns his head, then kisses Sherlock full on the lips, turning onto his side, pushing the taller man onto his back.
John unzips his fly. This will be his second wank of the day and it's not even gone ten. He almost wishes he had a shift at the practice, just to distract him and get him away from this damnably... inspiring... man.
"You could be a good person if you wanted to. I really just think that you can't be bothered. Being an arsehole is more efficient, it's quicker, it gets results in cases, so that's what you do," John says, surprising even himself with the anger in his voice. "You don't care whose feelings you hurt and that's fine but this is
"I don't know what you're talking about," John says, his voice flat as he pushes back from the table and stands. "
John's eyes slowly travelled down Sherlock's body, caressing his pale skin in a way that was almost tactile. Sherlock swallowed loudly in the silence of the room as John's eyes focussed on his boxer shorts and the steadily increasing tumescence therein. John's tongue darted out to touch his bottom lip and Sherlock's eyes followed the movement jealously, with longing.
When John arrives home from the supermarket an hour later, he ignores Sherlock. He's still hunched over his laptop and doesn't seem to have moved an inch in the hour John's been gone.
. I sat at your grave and talked to you. I prayed to a god I don't believe in for a miracle. I wasted my time in useless therapy sessions. I told myself the pain would fade, but it didn't; it didn't even start to. I saw you on the street, ran up to you and scared the
"Hey, that's my subconscious mind you're criticising there!" John said, not looking particularly upset about it.
"Moriarty had hired killers and snipers positioned near Lestrade, Mrs Hudson and yourself. If I hadn't jumped, they would have been activated."
John shudders through the aftershocks of his orgasm as Sherlock keeps moving, grinding himself down on the cock buried inside him, until finally it becomes too much and John holds him tighter to keep him still. Sherlock struggles for only a few moments before stilling, his arms still around John's shoulders, breathing heavily into his dirty-blond hair. John releases Sherlock's cock and wraps his other arm around him, Sherlock wrinkling his nose slightly as John's come-slicked hand slides across his back.
Sherlock bit the inside of his lip hard and held his breath as John started to kiss a slow trail down his neck, over his chest, stroking him all the while, his hand still inside Sherlock's shorts. He looked down at John and thrust up hard into his hand as their eyes met, his body trembling uncontrollably. John licked slowly down over Sherlock's tummy, tonguing a slow circle around his belly button, before moving to kneel between his parted knees. He dipped his head and rubbed his cheek slowly up the length of Sherlock's cock, his slightly-stubbled skin creating friction against the fine silk of Sherlock's underwear.
Sherlock stares at John's face as he talks, watching the way a vein throbs at the side of his forehead.
John swallows and starts to speak, but Sherlock holds up a hand to stop him. He moves forward and John gasps quietly, then frowns a little as he feels Sherlock carefully, almost tenderly pulling his boxers up, and then refastening his jeans.
"Yes," Sherlock says simply, his voice lower and huskier than usual as he lets go of John’s cock and shuffles back slightly, his eyes burning into John’s.
Sherlock resisted his impulse to answer the question, unable to trust his voice to serve him, with the state he was in. John's eyes softened as he looked at Sherlock.
Abruptly his mental image changes, from Sherlock alone on the bed to the two of them on the bed together. John's teeth are scraping against Sherlock's pale shoulder from behind as they kneel on the bed, Sherlock reaching behind himself to take John's cock in hand. John lets out a quiet growl as he pictures himself pushing Sherlock roughly onto his hands and knees, running one hand over Sherlock's peachy arse cheek and lining up his cock with the other. Pushing... slowly... inside...
John’s mouth drops open, his face immediately flushing red. There is a brief but telling moment of hesitation before his response.
John closed his eyes, bowing his head. The facsimile took John into his arms, his lips pressed against John's forehead.
"His handlers weren't as vigilant as they should have been and have been appropriately... dealt with. It has been at least twenty days."
John shook his head and looked away, clenching his jaw, looking pained. Sherlock looked like he immediately regretted what he'd said and wanted to take it back, but didn't know how. Mara gasped in a quiet breath as she put two and two together.
"Yeah, well, maybe watching my best friend kill himself made me think about how I was living," John says, his voice suddenly cold.
Sherlock peppers the sensitive skin of John’s throat with playful, biting kisses. John internally curses his military bed-making training, struggling against the cotton to free himself.
"Sitting room," John ordered, his tone of voice leaving no doubt as to whether going to the sitting room was optional. "We're going to talk about this."
He turned, about to walk up the stairs to John's bedroom, when he heard a noise from his own bedroom. He frowned slightly and walked closer to the slightly-ajar door.
When he returned to the room, the visitor chair had been moved, right up close to the bed. He sat, his elbow resting against the side of the mattress, and watched television, his mind racing.
John moves into the kitchen, putting the groceries away, not looking at Sherlock, not speaking to him, not acknowledging his presence in any way. He hears an extended break in Sherlock's typing and knows he's being watched, but he doesn't acknowledge that either.
Sherlock pushed John off him and rolled onto his front, his legs still spread, his hips instinctively thrusting, grinding his cock against the mattress.
John doesn’t dare masturbate, doesn’t even dare think about it. He’s convinced that Sherlock could be listening to him at any moment and doesn’t want to give him any further ammunition.
The longer the silence goes on, the more John feels like he should say something, anything. He turns his head to look at Sherlock, and then turns his body to lie on his side, just watching him in silence. John is just starting to think Sherlock has nodded off when he turns his head toward John, his eyes still closed. He slowly opens his eyes and John feels a sharp spike of lust through his gut as Sherlock's lazy, sensual gaze settles upon him.
John abruptly pulls off Sherlock's cock, his lips smacking lewdly as they release the head. He crawls up Sherlock's body once again and their lips meet in a furious kiss. John groans as he grinds his cock against Sherlock's, Sherlock holding him tightly against his body, legs tangled with John's, fingernails digging into his back, trying to claw him closer.
"This conversation is a perfect example of that. I could be working right now, but instead I'm being forced to have an unnecessary conversation."
, even for a brief moment. To be subject to that kind of intense focus. He finds that he misses that feeling much more than he'd have expected; more than he's comfortable acknowledging.
Steeling himself, he climbs the rest of the stairs and walks straight to his bedroom, steadfastly avoiding looking at the open bathroom door. As he closes his bedroom door, he looks back in the direction of the bathroom. Through the half-open door, John gets a glimpse of a pale, long body with dark hair through the frosted glass of the shower screen. John pauses, staring for much longer than is probably decent before closing his door. More than a glimpse, then.
Sherlock expected there to be drama on his return, or at least a fight, but John had simply made them both a cup of tea, sat him down and said he didn't want to talk about it. They watched crap television that night, or at least John did. Sherlock watched John.
Sherlock pulls back and smirks up at John briefly. One more sharp tug and his boxers and jeans are down around his thighs, his cock fully hard now in the cool kitchen air. Sherlock licks his lips slowly as he looks at it, then his eyes flick up to meet John's.
John's eyes widen and he clenches his left hand into a fist at the mention of Sherlock's faked death.
"See you later," John says, and bounds down the remaining flight of stairs before Sherlock can reply. He's still staring at spot John just occupied, frowning, when the door to the street closes.
Sherlock put the roses in John's drinking water jug and smiled a little to himself as he heard John mutter, "Git."
John's hand ran slowly down the front of Sherlock's body again, but this time it didn't stop at the waistband of his shorts. John's hand dipped under the elastic and his fingertips caught the head of Sherlock's cock briefly before the palm rubbed down the front of his shaft. Sherlock's mouth dropped open, his eyes fell closed and a long, low moan was torn from his chest, his brow creasing as he struggled to adjust to the wave of pleasure that assaulted him.
John races up the stairs to his bedroom, closes and locks his door and leans against it heavily, panting more than he should be from his brief exertion.
without whom this would still just be an idea kicking around my head for years without being written.
His bed was unmade. There was an empty glass on the bedside table, along with a chapstick and John's phone charger, the phone still plugged in. Numerous medical machines were lined up at the sides of the bed. This was clearly where John had been sleeping, and also where he'd used Reverie.
Sherlock jerked awake the next morning, sprawled on the couch. He blinked as John came into focus, sitting at the desk with a mug of tea and some toast.
Once he started, he couldn't stop. The trail of bites led down John's shoulder, down over his chest, John inhaling sharply as Sherlock's teeth rasped a nipple, pausing to suck and lick and tease, then biting and licking over the trail of hair leading down. John's breathing was coming in gasps, his hips writhing under Sherlock, Sherlock's large hands pinning him to the floor.
John smiles a little and shakes his head as he rises from the couch, avoiding looking at Gabe again. He leaves, Gabe unsubtly staring at his arse as he walks away.
Sherlock moved to flop on the bed, on his side. John massaged his thigh for a few moments, then moved to lie down. He pulled the rumpled top sheet up over their bodies and moved to lie close behind Sherlock, spooning him, their bodies pressed together, one arm curled around Sherlock's body, the other under his head on the pillow.
"And that won’t happen if I stay?" John says, his voice low and dangerous, staring Sherlock down. "I’ll take my chances with ‘Gabe’ any day."
"Things can go back the way they were, anything you want," Sherlock says, starting to sound bafflingly close to begging.
John just blinks as Sherlock illustrates his point by pushing his erect cock against his thigh, through sheet, blanket and pyjamas.
There's movement downstairs, Sherlock's bedroom door opening and closing. John recognises the sound of the dry hinge creaking and the door fitting itself into its frame. Perhaps Sherlock is going to bed after all.
Sherlock doesn’t respond, doesn’t even give any indication that he’s still aware of John’s presence. John lets out a huff of breath and storms out of the flat.
Sherlock reaches across the table, snatches John's marmalade-smeared butter knife with nimble fingers and demonstrates his point by tipping his head back and swallowing the knife like a sword. He pushes it deep, then pulls it out several times, showing off his talent provocatively. His lips drag against the blade and handle, puckered slightly in a way which makes John’s mouth go dry as he watches, his mouth gaping, forgetting to breathe. Sherlock slowly pulls the knife out of his mouth, sucking the marmalade from the blade before placing the knife on his own plate with a smug smile.
God, John can almost see it as he stares at the bed. His cock is hard, despite or perhaps because of his anger. He strips quickly, efficiently, dropping his clothes on the floor, then crawls onto the bed. He lies down on his back in the spot Sherlock occupied nine hours earlier.
"You want that too, don't you?" John said. "You want me to be your first... the one you'll compare every lover to, from now on..."
"When one person is fond of another person, I understand that it's traditional to demonstrate that fondness in the form of favourable observations about appearance, and a show of interest in that person's life."
John rounds on Sherlock furiously, taking a step toward him, Sherlock taking a quick, bewildered step back.
A short period of quiet and stillness follows, the only sound their breathing, the only movement John’s lazy fingers trailing slowly up and down Sherlock’s chest.
," John cried, and his hips stuttering against Sherlock's arse, his body shaking as he let go, groaning as he spilled inside of him. Sherlock pushed John back to kneeling and rode him, wringing every last drop from him, relishing John's reaction. John clung to Sherlock's torso as he shuddered his orgasm deep inside Sherlock's body, his face pressed against Sherlock's back. "Sherlock... oh my
"Mmm," John breathed, shuffling down on the rug, forcing Sherlock's finger deeper. "Sherlock, c'mon... I've waited long enough..."
Sherlock couldn't answer with his voice, all he could do was to plant his hands on the headboard of the bed and push, forcing his body down the bed, forcing John's fingers deeper.
"You're inside me," John breathed, staring up at him with eyes shining in the fire's glow. "You're really here."
"Good morning, Doctor Watson," Mycroft says. "I was hoping to have a chat with my brother, but I see that he isn’t in."
She knew that the user had prepared quite thoroughly for an extended session in the system, and she had been briefed on the stubborn nature of the man in question prior to his use of Reverie—his addictive, thrill-seeking personality. She had no doubt that this would be quite the challenge.
Sherlock moved to the darkened living room without another word, sat in his armchair, and watched as John poured two large glasses of whisky. John came into the living room, handed Sherlock one of the glasses and sat down.
John steps forward quickly and pulls Sherlock into a rough hug. Sherlock struggles, trying to push him away, but it's half-hearted and John is all quiet strength. Sherlock buries his wet face against John's neck and surrenders to the fierce hold the shorter man has on him. He returns the embrace with a desperate sob.
"This is what our life was really like," John said with a small, sad smile. "Solving cases, adrenaline rushes, with the best friend I could ever have asked for."
"You stand fifteen to twenty percent closer to me than you do to people you know very well, and thirty percent closer than you do to strangers, even attractive female ones. You inhale slowly when you take my phone from my pocket, or when you move in close to check my pulse and pupil dilation when I've overdone the nicotine patches, or when I've received a blow to the head—you smell me and you like it. You lick your lips and stare at my mouth unconsciously when I'm rattling off deductions, just as you're doing now. "
Sherlock's cheeks flushed a little. "Spoken like a man who's never had a wet dream over High Renaissance art," he murmured with a mad smile.
kiss, this was what he thought—fantasised—kissing John Watson would be like. Hard. Filthy. Hot. Mintier than he'd imagined. John was forceful, possessing Sherlock's mouth, taking him over utterly. Holding him down with his body. All Sherlock could do was helplessly kiss him back, wrapping his arms around him and clinging to him, grinding his cock up against John's hip. John's hipbone was digging in to Sherlock's erection but he'd take it, he'd take anything right at that moment, anything that meant John touching him, kissing him, grinding his cock against Sherlock's body.
Sherlock is passive and silent as John starts to slowly rock those pale, lean hips on his cock. John bites his bottom lip hard, his eyes roaming all over Sherlock’s body, his lithe muscles, his long, hard, beautiful dick. He's never found a dick beautiful before, but he sure as hell does right now. He doesn’t think he’s ever seen anyone as breathtaking as this man; every part of him is stunning.
"Maybe another time," John said, a smile evident in his voice. "Right now I want to get you nice and wet and slippery, and give you a good, deep fingering."
He slept on the couch every night after visiting hours ended, unable to face sleeping in the bed where he'd held John in his arms. It was good, if a bit strange, to be home, but he wouldn't truly be home until John was back where he belonged.
A sob ripped through Sherlock suddenly. John moved toward him, but Sherlock shook his head clear of the embarrassment, gathered himself and laid the jumper on the bed. He took a deep breath and removed his trousers.
“I did it for you,” Sherlock yelled. The heat on his cheekbones flared. “If I had not done it, they would have shot everyone I held dear to me. That is why I did it. I had to make sure there would be no one left to hurt you.” Sherlock panted.
Sherlock stood in a familiar alley with his face upturned into the rain, letting it wash away the blood but none of the shame. The insistent throbbing was painful, and the water always seemed to land right in one of the cuts on his face. It had been many years since he stood in this place, and he had hoped that someone new was running it, but he knew better.
“He has been,” Sherlock broke a biscuit in half, “different these last few weeks. His actions today were interesting to say the least, but I had been expecting something to rise from him.”
“I was told that you were going to be the one to lead me through things?” She sipped her coffee, peering through the watch window.
John had spent many days thinking about dropping by 221B, and it rubbed him raw to know that Mary liked him. He should be happy that his wife likes his best friend, but Sherlock was his alone. Sherlock didn’t need anyone to like him except for John. He knew that it was a bit Not Good of him to be so possessive of a man he never really had, but still, wasn’t Sherlock mostly his? When he and Mary slept together, and she kissed his neck, he could never manage to stop himself from imagining that it was Sherlock on top of him, all sharp angles and lean muscle grinding on top of him. He would dream about Sherlock’s lips, that delectable cupid’s bow on his mouth or on other places. Mary became concerned with how many trips to the bathroom he would make during the night, but he reassured her that he had just been drinking more water since he started cycling to work.
John admired Sherlock’s perfect form haloed by the sunlight. He continued to play even with John’s presence making his skin prickle. Sherlock could feel the other man approaching. He tried his best to seem engrossed in his own music, but John wrapped his arms around his torso, and the bow screeched across the strings. John smiled into the middle of Sherlock’s shoulder blades. Sherlock held the violin and bow loosely in his hands, shivering into John’s kisses. The man was his ultimate weakness, but after last night, he remembered exactly why he pushed so many people away. As John’s hands slid down to his belt, Sherlock twisted out his arms and stood tall by the coffee table.
“Dr. Watson,” a female voice startled him. He stood groggily and listened to the room number she gave him before setting off for the lifts.
The silence was deafening. John gulped hard, and even though he had so much to say, he didn’t think he could say it right. Sherlock’s breaths were slow and even, and John thought that maybe he had fallen asleep. John placed his cup on the side table softly. John stared at the marks that soiled Sherlock’s perfect skin. God, he had to fuck everything up, didn’t he?
Sherlock was on a roll with his deductions. Within ten minutes of inspecting and sniffing the body, he had solved it like it should have been so obvious to the others, but of course, it wasn’t, and Sherlock nearly shone with the chance to explain why everyone was an idiot but himself. Sally Donovan hadn’t had the chance to call him names today as she was so busy staring at his face. Other than a few twinges of pain seen across his face, it seemed like Sherlock forgot about his bruised body. He did find it difficult to crouch down beside the body as his thighs pulled tight, but other than that, most of the pain he felt was nothing compared to the giddiness he felt investigating the body.
Sherlock had met the man that was his polar opposite in almost every sense, but just as equally mad as the detective himself. He seemed so ordinary; the average man to everyone else, but to Sherlock, John was everything he wasn’t.
Sherlock shoved John back. It was rare that he lost control of his emotions so quickly. John had not expected it and stumbled back into the desk.
“Sherlock, wait.” He stopped and held onto the doorknob. “I don’t know why I keep hurting you. I can’t seem to stop myself from doing or saying things that hurt you. I don’t mean to, which I don’t know if it makes it worse, but I want to make things better.” Sherlock’s grip tightened as he lowered his head.
John rubbed circles into his temples. It had been a full schedule, and it wasn’t even noon yet. All he wanted to do was take off his shoes. He only had a few minutes to himself before the next patient. His phone chimed.
John helped Sherlock to his feet, supporting most of his weight against his ribs, and pushed the coat from his shoulders. It fell to the floor with a heavy
John opened his mouth to say something, but Sherlock never heard it. The bullet had pierced the same shoulder John had been shot in back in Afghanistan. John’s hand faltered, and the gun fell to the floor. Blood spread across John’s long-sleeve. John reached for his shoulder with shaky fingers, eyes glazing over. Sherlock tucked the Sig in the back of his trousers and hurriedly took the paper. John continued to stand there frozen as Sherlock took another lighter from the hidden stash in the drawer and burned the last bit. He cautiously approached John.
John thought about those words every day. He spoke to the man almost daily, but those words and that longing look made the blurry edges of their relationship so much more clear. He and Mary could no longer have sex, and deep down, Mary knew why. She could see it in the way John would lean over the kitchen sink, shoulders hunched as he gently caressed the back of his neck, fingers twirling around invisible curls. She would have been hurt if she didn’t already know they had spent long hours in each other’s arms. It wasn’t a physical relationship yet, but falling in love with someone else is still cheating even if you don’t fuck, isn’t it?
“It’s possible that I just don’t need you returning to the Yard and causing trouble with my officers. At least now, you’re here, and they don’t have to stay to tolerate your insults.”
The cab slowed to a stop outside of 221B Baker Street. Sherlock let himself out against John’s request. Mrs. Hudson opened the door.
“I’m going to ask again: what is it that you’re looking for?” John let his gaze fall on Sherlock’s broad shoulders, steady despite the quick and angry movements of his head and hands.
“All right.” Sherlock’s breaths came out quickly, his outstretched hand trembling toward his friend.
John’s pregnant wife was at home while he was here. Sherlock played the violin at the window. Should he feel bad that he wasn’t at home rubbing Mary’s feet? Probably.
“What brought this on?” John didn’t answer Mrs. Hudson’s question, hoping that she would put two-and-two together.
“I know I am not an easy man to be around, but you had managed to find a way.” Sherlock lifted his head. “It was relieving to not have to find another flatmate, especially one that was equally useful.”
“Doctor Watson” was all he said before swooping out through the front doors. The way he said John’s name made his breathing hitch. He hoped his discomfort wasn’t completely obvious.
“You know what I mean. I just moved in, and look at us. We just met!” Sherlock’s bright eyes shone against the mess of dark curls that fell over his brow. He leaned down and pressed closed lips to John’s.
“Sherlock, look at yourself!” The other man leaned away quickly. “I have put you through so much. Your skin has been marred for me. How can I forgive myself?”
“Go ahead Sherlock. Call them.” Victor leaned back into his chair with a soft smile. “I have more dirt on you than anyone would care to know, so by all means, Sherlock,” Victor flicked his tongue across his lower lip. “Call them.”
The detective leaned in and let John feed him. John was hoping that maybe watching Sherlock eat would distract him from the heat pooling in his groin caused by Sherlock’s soft strokes on his leg, but when he saw those beautiful bow lips wrap around his fork, he swallowed thickly, shoving away his perverse thoughts of those same lips wrapping around other parts of his body. Sherlock chewed deliberately slow. He noticed John’s pupils dilate as he watched him. After he swallowed, John already had another mouthful ready for him.
Sherlock placed his phone on the table and sighed at the wall. He had been without John plenty of times, but lately, it had felt different. The unease in their relationship has made the distance between them feel that much greater, but Sherlock couldn’t forgive him so fast. He wanted to, but he knew he shouldn’t, and even though Lestrade was sometimes an absolute idiot, he knew more about human relationships than Sherlock.
John was not scared of many things; he had been to war after all. He was afraid of becoming like his sister, his father, and so many Watsons before him; losing Sherlock; and James Moriarty. It wasn’t the first time there was a target on John’s head, but this time, it wasn’t the thought of him dying that bother him, it was what was going to happen to Sherlock after he was gone. Would he delete him from memory like all the other information Sherlock found useless, or would he mourn the loss of his only friend? John didn’t know which he thought was worse.
Folded into fours, the file had a timestamp and a description of the memory, but Sherlock didn’t need assistance to recall it. The coppery scent of blood stung his nose. He could feel John’s knuckles crash into his face. Sherlock went around and opened the bottom drawer. His cigarettes and lighters were nestled in the corner. He stuck a cigarette in his mouth, lit it, and flicked the lighter again at the corner of the memory. The door came crashing down with John on it. He was disheveled and sweaty when he stood. Sherlock held the burning file between his fingers as he blew a stream of smoke out from the side of his mouth.
Sherlock stood suddenly, arms straight at his sides. “I’m not feeling well,” he stated flatly and moved toward his room.
Sherlock grinned wickedly. “Only if we can stay like this.” John looked down at himself and his still half-hard cock.
John stood and walked over to Sherlock. The detective just looked back down at the carpeted floor. John tangled his fingers in Sherlock’s hair and crouched next to him. He nuzzled his hands with his nose and removed his hands to caress his shoulders. Sherlock uncovered his face and met John’s face.
Sherlock rose to his feet and nearly dislocated his shoulders with the dramatic full-bodied sigh he let out. “You always want me at the Yard, Lestrade. Is this some way to get me to stay within your watch? Afraid I’ll do something
The cocaine was more than just a cure for boredom. It seemed to slow down space, giving him ample time to feel the world around him rather than the usual maelstrom of sensory he was so accustomed to shifting through. It made living in such a dull world almost tolerable. He could stroll through his mind palace and relive his fondest memories without worrying about the contents of the basement. Most days, he had firm control over its contents. Moriarty’s taunts were annoying at best, but Sherlock had days when he was so caught up in the flurry of sensory input that he wouldn’t notice Moriarty’s loosened restraints. Usually, it was John that would square his shoulders and march down with stoic heroism, but recently, John would hurt him more than Moriarty. Sorting through files meant keeping the door locked behind him as John kicked at the lock, demanding to be let in, because how dare he keep things hidden from him.
Sherlock cut into his fried egg and shoveled it into his mouth. He hated a cold egg and how the yolk coated the roof of his mouth. He'd much rather scald his tongue than have to eat it below body temperature.
The nurse popped up. “Sir, I am going to have to ask you to leave if you keep aggravating the patient.” She quickly checked the IVs and monitors before leaving the room again with a quick eye narrowing toward Mycroft. The older Holmes pursed his lips and adjusted himself on his umbrella.
“Indubitably,” he handed John his plate. John took them into the kitchen, rubbing his temples at Sherlock’s stubbornness and at the sight of the table, which he refused to clean because of the unknown substances Sherlock had about it. “You haven’t noticed yet, have you?” Sherlock asked from the other room.
Sherlock opened his mouth. The sight of his own semen mixed with Sherlock’s spit in his abused mouth brought another bead of cum to his tip.
Sherlock’s chest tightened even more. The slow way with which John’s eyes slid to meet his did not spell good things for him. The air in their flat thickened and weighed on Sherlock’s slim shoulders. Any words he had in his throat were caught in John’s calm stare. His pulse throbbed fast in his temple. John simply stood there, seeming seven-feet tall despite his compact frame; his knuckles were white around the horn. When John finally spoke, it was heard through layers of cotton. The blood rushing in Sherlock’s ears drowned out his words.
“I think if you walk out now, we won’t get anywhere, so let’s try just getting something out, yeah?” Sherlock’s eyes had softened now. He was unsure, and like most things he was unsure of, he wanted nothing to do with it. John took a seat again and left Sherlock to stand by the window like a moody raven.
Sherlock smiled to himself. He loved that man and all his little idiosyncrasies: the ridiculous way he typed with his forefingers; the blank stare he had when he didn’t understand something; or, how old he looked when reading the newspaper. It could be annoying sometimes, but it’s what made him up, and Sherlock thought John was absolute perfection.
Outside, John hailed a cabbie and headed to his old flat. The landlord smiled sadly at him as he unlocked the door. Everyone pitied him when they found out why he was in London. He always got the same responses.
John sat there for thirty minutes before he rose to his tired and unbalanced feet and headed upstairs, unbuttoning his shirt as he walked. He used the wall to support himself as he ascended the stairs and undid his belt. He just managed to kick off his work shoes before collapsing onto the bed. He had not yet gotten used to the roughness of his sheets after spending most of his nights being spoiled by Sherlock’s rich 1000 thread count sheets. God, how he missed that bed and the way it smelled of Sherlock’s hair.
“How bad did he hurt Sherlock?” John’s face evened out, and in that moment, John seemed ten years older. Whatever it was that happened, it was killing him.
John slid his cock into the cleft of Sherlock’s arse. Sherlock groaned at the feeling of his own saliva drying between his arse cheeks as John pumped his cock between them, breaths huffing over his overheated skin.
He was pleased to see light furnishings in the sitting room. Closing the door with his good leg, he stepped further in and smiled at the warmly decorated kitchen. He peered down the short hallway that led to the single bedroom. On the opposite side of the sitting room, the large expanse of windows were drawn open, letting the sounds of London pour in. The thin navy drapes were pulled back and tied. John neared them.
She smiled at John sweetly. “I can imagine,” she whispered with a wink. “I’ll save you some sweets, and if you’d like, I can bring them to you once you and Sherlock have had your
Had John become his father? His mother tried to escape it by drinking, but two alcoholics in the house was too many for his father, and she was hurt even more. Sherlock was trying the same. His mind’s John Watson had turned against him just as reality had done, and despite attempting to make up for it and show him that it was a one-time thing, only done out of anger for his wife’s betrayal, how could he have possibly expected Sherlock to forgive him so easily? John wouldn’t forgive him if things had been switched. Of course, Sherlock would have it stay in his head. He internalized everything and file it away in that brilliant head of his. Why would John’s anger and abuse be different? If anything, Sherlock would hang onto it longer, having it be associated with one of his closest friends and lover.
“Tell me!” Sherlock’s voice carried down and across the street. Pedestrians made a wide birth around the heated man. John grabbed his hand firm enough to make sure he didn’t bolt. Sherlock yanked at his arm and settled after a couple tugs.
“I have spent the last couple of years paying for it,” Sherlock spat. “You have yet to understand the full weight of what I had done after all this time. You expect it to be swept under the rug and be forgotten, but it will always sit here in this room.”
“Call emergency!” The landlady burst in and covered her mouth, feet confused as to what to do. “Call emergency,” he repeated and replaced his gun.
“Come on – who’d want me for a flatmate?” John could hardly imagine himself living with another person. People might fear the invalided soldier with the stern mouth and sandblasted eyes. Mike chuckled to himself.
John’s face darkened again. He ran his tongue across his bottom lip. “Let’s see how fast those legs can move.” John clicked his tongue twice.
Sherlock didn’t flinch when the lights glared down on him, just sat there in his wet clothing, feeling an aching chill throb through his bones. It wasn’t painful. Nothing was at that moment. John went around the table to stand across from him.
“John,” Sherlock groaned. John rubbed Sherlock through his pants, nodding with his eyes closed. Sherlock’s heart was beating through his clothes. It was all so much: the rasp of his clothes against his overheated skin; the firm press of John’s palm against him, sending sparks flying behind his eyes; the growing need in the pit of his stomach.
John stared at the other man for two more seconds before leaving Sherlock in the sitting room to reenter the kitchen. Sherlock was left wide-eyed.
“You may be the “Great Detective” to the rest of the world,” John growled, “but with me, you’re just a posh boy who hasn’t learned the meaning of silence.” John gripped his chin roughly, pinning his cheeks against his teeth.
“It hurts to breathe, Sherlock. I thought you saved me when you brought me along on our first case, but there was only so much you could fix.” John took a shaky breath. “I had chalked it up to the PTSD, but every moment I stay alive, the more I want to die. It’s like a gnat that won’t leave me alone. I can ignore it sometimes, but some days, like right here,” he made a vague motion to the sofa behind him. “There’s a pull I can’t always fight.”
He handed it to Sherlock, brushing the other man’s hands with his own. “You look like you take yours with milk.”
John leaned back and removed his jumper, tossing it to the floor. Sherlock sat up and crawled forward, covering John’s hands with his own when they got to the buttons of his shirt. Sherlock kissed John’s throat, slipping the buttons out one by one. Sherlock’s forehead was back against his own, his breath hot and desperate against John’s face. The shirt fell from John’s shoulders. Sherlock faced John’s torso.
Sherlock and John crashed through their flat door in a tangle of coats and kisses. Sherlock’s mouth tasted heavily of katsudon and saké as John flicked his tongue across Sherlock’s. In a rush to get out of their coats, heating up too fast for comfort with a bottle of saké in their system, the two separated and removed their coats and shirts hastily. Sherlock’s deft fingers managed his clothes faster than John, and he impatiently assisted John with his layers, mouthing at John’s neck at the same time.
He opened the front door and was met with Sherlock and two movers holding John’s chair, or one that looked exactly like his old one.
The tone in his voice was different than what he expected. He imagined anger and frustration, but concern was not one of them. He should’ve known better. It was a doctor’s job to worry. Sherlock shook his head slightly and buried his face back into the darkness of his collar. His head pounded, and the aches over his body were sharpening into pulsating pain. The smell of his wet coat was making him sick. He should just throw it out and make Mycroft replace it.
With some toast and two cups of tea in him, John felt a tad less drunk. It had really started to wear off the moment Mrs. Hudson pointed a gun at them. John held the cup in both hands as he stared at the tea remnants at the bottom. Sherlock sat across from him with his head hanging on the back of his chair, arms limp over the sides. His legs were extended far into where John’s feet would normally be. John kept his tucked close to the chair.
“Sherlock,” John whispered aloud seeing that Sherlock’s coat and scarf were not in their usual place.
John Watson was a contradiction that Sherlock could never quite figure out completely. Most people had motivations for all of their actions, but John usually just did as he pleased. He was a dutiful soldier when he needed to be, but if that was all people saw in him, they were missing the best parts of him. The public saw Sherlock’s sidekick, the tired-looking blogger in a jumper, but John was a living weapon, and it was bloody wonderful. Sherlock had originally thought that his hectic life was the battlefield John craved, but it was always there in him. War waged behind John’s eyes and in the way his hand trembled doing mundane tasks. Give the man a pistol, however, and he’s been returned part of his body. John was just as addicted to things that killed him as Sherlock was, but unlike Sherlock, John was perfect despite it.
“I had one of the guys run the number.” Lestrade passed a folded piece of paper into John’s palm, while Sherlock spouted the fine details of the case to Sally Donovan.
Sherlock’s pupils nearly engulfed the whole of his iris. His eyes were red-rimmed and glassy. It wasn’t that, however, that made John tighten his fingers ever-so-slightly around Sherlock’s head.
Sherlock opened his mouth again, but quickly shut it when he noticed the stern glare in John’s eyes. John slid his pint toward Sherlock.
“Why won’t you tell me, John? I care for Sherlock too!” John stopped mid-stride and turned to the DI.
Sorry for being such a prat and not writing another chapter fast enough, but I had two exams to study for this week. Anyways, I had originally planned for this to be the final chapter, but it's currently 3 in the morning, and I am just too tired to find the mental capacity to write this out. I hope this chapter was worth the wait. There will be smut to come.... :) I will try to get it all together in the afternoon after Calculus tutorials.
“Then you are free to work. I aim to break my record of solving more than twelve cold cases today. I will certainly be preoccupied.”
“Seems that you are in better health since your recent visit to hospital, brother mine,” Mycroft remarked as he entered the sitting room, making a direct line for John’s chair. John sat at the desk, tapping away at his laptop, and wished that he had stayed in his chair just so Mycroft would have to stand.
John rushed to Sherlock’s side and enveloped him tightly. Sherlock tucked his face into the crook of John’s neck. John needed Sherlock to know that he wasn’t mad or upset with him, that he would be there to help him sort things through. John smoothed Sherlock’s unruly hair.
Sherlock spit blood onto the floor. John frowned. “You fucking disrespectful-” Sherlock sprinted the other way toward the stairs. He had only one chance to get to John’s room so he could properly delete the file, the memory of the hospital, before all his data was corrupted. Sherlock took the steps two at a time up toward John’s room. A gunshot rang; the bullet grazed his calf. The pain was sharp and searing, but he had gotten lucky. John would not miss again.
It had seemed like Sherlock was ready to make the next step, but when they tried to, Sherlock stepped away. John thought that maybe his drug use was in the way, keeping Sherlock mentally preoccupied with whatever it was he was trying to piece together. Sherlock only used when he was trying to think through things, so what
“If you admit me again, I will just insult the staff, and you will be forced to deal with finding another center.”
When he reached the doors labeled Morgue, he took a deep breath, straightened his back, and walked through. A young woman stood with her coffee in hand. She turned to smile at John.
John couldn’t help but stare at those brilliantly sharp blue eyes. They were glacial in color, but as Sherlock turned his gaze toward the good doctor, John swore he only saw warmth. Their hands hovered close to each other on the seat. The cabbie glanced in the rear-view mirror to only see the two men staring intensely at one another. The turned back to the road and muttered “freaks” to himself.
Sherlock ran his palms from the backs of John’s calves to the tops of his muscular thighs, slipping his fingers under John’s boxer briefs. John’s body heat burned under his hands. Sherlock removed his hands and danced his fingers across the band of his pants. John breathed heavily above him as Sherlock’s face neared his crotch. Sherlock gently pulled John’s pants down, catching at his thick erection and had John step out of them. John’s cock bobbed up toward his stomach. Saliva flooded Sherlock’s mouth, but he gathered his composure and ran his hand around to the back of his thigh from between his legs. He reached up toward the full and muscular globes of John’s arse and rested his palm at the lower curve of John’s spine. Sherlock breathed heavily into the pelvic bone of John’s body, moistening the base of John’s cock with gentle licks. Sherlock turned on the balls of his feet so that the back of his head rested against where his thigh and crotch met. John squeezed his eyes shut at the feel of Sherlock’s silken curls against his cock. When John could breathe again, he glanced down to see Sherlock gazing at him with darkened eyes.
“Sofa,” John growled into Sherlock’s ear. A shiver ran down Sherlock’s spine. They stepped backward awkwardly, keeping their hands on each other. John maneuvered Sherlock around the coffee table and into the sofa. Sherlock fell back with an “oof” and looked up at John standing over him, pupils blown wide. John removed his work clothing, leaving the crisp white undershirt, which was obviously newer than some of his other clothing; probably Mary telling him that he should replace some of the ratty shirts he’s gotten torn and bloodied over time in Sherlock’s presence. Sherlock scowled at the thought. She had begun to replace Sherlock’s memory with bits of herself.
Mycroft looked between them, taking in the ridiculousness of his situation. The broken soldier and the drug addict. It was like a bad Tuesday night sitcom.
“There are not enough words in the world to properly express my regret. I treated you absolutely horrifically, and I am so sorry, Sherlock. I would never purposely hurt you. You mean everything to me.”
He was a sight to see. Hard and tanned from his many years in the military, but soft around the middle from his injury and age, John was brilliant. Sherlock pressed his hands to John’s chest, splaying his fingers to touch as much skin as possible. John watched Sherlock’s eyes scan his body like a computer. Sherlock leaned in and kissed the scar on his shoulder. John stiffened against him. No one had ever touched him there. This was actually the first time he had his shirt off in years, especially with a partner. Sherlock kissed up his shoulder and back across his neck. He nibbled John’s jaw, sucking a red mark onto his skin. There would be a lovely bruise there in the morning. The thought of having everyone see it sent a bolt of excitement straight to Sherlock’s chest. John reached back down and pressed the pads of his fingers between Sherlock’s arse cheeks.
“I wasn’t expecting him to go so far. He had never marked me this severely.” John looked over the tops of Sherlock’s thighs. He had several gashes that would require a few stitches. He doubted Sherlock was feeling anything at all with his all-day bender.
“Are you ready, Sherlock,” John whispered hotly in his ear. Sherlock nodded hastily. John turned Sherlock’s face toward him and kissed him messily. The way Sherlock looked, reddened lips and desperate eyes meeting his over his shoulder, had him feeling like he was back in Afghanistan: blood rushing through his ears and an itch he couldn’t scratch until he was back in the barracks. The adrenaline of war would course through his veins well into camp, and the only thing he could think of to curb it was to spend the evening between someone’s legs. Each person would look at him the way Sherlock looked at him at that moment.
John bit his lower lip. “Back at your flat, I mean. The sight of you,” he stopped and swallowed. The last thing he needed was to choke up in front of the man who could read him like a billboard. “I was worried for you.”
Sherlock closed his eyes and relived the warm feel of the cocaine entering his blood vessels. He had lied to John when he had said that he had given up everything. He still had the most recent vial of his seven percent. Would John stay if he knew that he still had some? It wasn’t the sort of experiment he was willing to test, but it would be inevitable once John’s schedule at the surgery resumed. His plans for it had changed; rather than forgetting the other man in the tub, he wanted to forget the pain he had caused. John may think that all is well, that his apology is the solution to the several stitches required for his head, his bloodshot eye, and his fractured ribs, but Sherlock was not consoled. His brain would not allow him to forget the raw anger in John’s face as he swung at him with deadly precision.
John frowned. “I’m not the topic at hand here, Sherlock.” Tingles ran up John’s spine at the name that wrapped around his tongue. Sherlock liked the way John drawled it out.
John may have gone to war, but Sherlock has been in a different kind of battle and has the scars to prove it.
Sherlock picked up a warm spring roll. “I did not break my record today.” John smiled fondly at him and went around the table to wrap his arms around Sherlock’s thin waist.
John flattened his tongue on the underside of Sherlock as he slid back up. He massaged the head with his lips. Sherlock groaned, holding onto the back of John’s head like his life depended on it.
For a short moment, the stranger only stared at him, but it felt like John was standing there naked. Those piercing eyes dissecting him in mere seconds before he spoke again.
Sherlock thought quietly to himself. He couldn’t remember what exactly it was that allowed Moriarty’s venom to taint John’s memory, but he knew that he succeeded in deleting it. He was positive that it was for the best.
Sherlock hadn’t realized that he had frozen, but now, he pressed his forehead to John’s and gave him a simple smile.
“I’m sorry-” A high squeal escaped from Sherlock’s tight lips as John’s fingernails dug into his sensitive skin through his trousers.
John sniffed hard, nostrils flaring and fists clenching at his sides. Sherlock knew he was walking on thin ice, but if Mary died, wouldn’t life be easier? John could return to 221B for good and solve cases with him. Their relationship would finally be something serious; no more sneaking around and wishing John would press ever so much closer into him.
“I see that you’ve taken another day off today,” he spoke into his cup. “Are we going to be expecting unemployment benefits soon?” John switched his cup to his other hand since he couldn’t bring it to his mouth without it trembling.
Once the movers had left, Sherlock and John made their way toward Regency park. John eyed the bench where he had sat with Stamford years ago. They had both been quiet the entire time, Sherlock stealing glances at John to see if there were any changes in John’s demeanor; but no, his military stance remained, out of habit Sherlock was sure, and his stoic face didn’t hint at anything. If Sherlock had not known the natural light in John’s blue eyes, he might have just thought that John had taken on the persona of The Army Invalid, but this vacant stare was new, and it troubled him. He was unsure how to go about it. Sherlock had never been bothered by a change in someone’s personality.
John threw himself down, straddling Victor’s abdomen, and landed three solid punches to his mouth. Blood gushed from his gums. John couldn’t feel anything but the rage burning a hole through his chest. He yanked on his hair and knocked the back of his head into the pavement. Victor tried to fight back by throwing his body around, but John only broke his fingers and hammer-fisted his chest. The other man’s breath rushed out and left him gasping.
“I’ve made you some tea,” Sherlock stated. John sat down silently in his chair. He stared into the cup and ran his pinky finger around the rim. Sherlock eyed his disheveled person. John took a sip after several silent minutes. Sherlock held his cup to his lips.
Sherlock thought back to the times he had caught John standing in his room staring blankly at the drawer that held his gun. John had simply said that he was thinking, but Sherlock thought otherwise. He didn’t mention this fact to Mrs. Hudson. She didn’t need to worry about one day going up to their flat and wondering if she was going to find John with the back of his head blown off and blood splattered across her walls. He could imagine himself holding John’s limp body in his lap, blood soaking his clothes and the rug under them, tears running down his cheeks.
Sherlock woke to an empty flat and the tele flashing brightly at him. A quick trip to the loo led him to where he was now: tears spilling down his bruised cheeks. Sherlock gripped the edges of the full basin. Frustration flooded him. He dunked his face into the cold water. The sudden urge to breathe burned his lungs. The water burned at his nerve endings. Images of John’s gentle smile and dark eyes raced through his head. Sherlock wanted to give everything to him. He wanted to give himself, mind and soul, to John. He would fall on his knees before him and give him anything he asked for. Most people would say this was unhealthy, but he and Sherlock’s dynamic, friendship or otherwise, had never been conventional, so it’s safe to say that societal standards didn’t apply to them. He and John sacrificed life and limb for each other. There was nothing else they could do for each other.
John fumbles with his ringing mobile as he hurries out the cab. All he could think about was Sherlock. The static in his head died, replaced by Sherlock’s name repeated over and over like a cult chant.
John lunged for Sherlock. He wrapped his tie around Sherlock’s neck with brutal strength and tightened. Sherlock thrashed against John for a panicked second before he elbowed him in the face. John growled and flipped the taller man over his shoulder, then dragged him up against his thigh. Sherlock struggled to breathe, facing reddening. His vision was darkening around the edges. Sherlock reached behind him and wrapped his arms behind John’s knees and pushed onto his feet as hard as he could. They were flung onto the bed. Sherlock rolled off onto the floor and scrambled for the Sig.
“Deductions gone awry,” Sherlock answered matter-of-factly. Lestrade glanced back at John for confirmation; the doctor nodded.
John quickly came back to himself before Sherlock could notice that something was wrong. John kissed his way down Sherlock’s neck, sliding his hands up from Sherlock’s torso to slip his fingers just under the dressing gown at his shoulders, easing the material off.
When Sherlock’s body sagged into the wall, eyes falling shut, and dropped to the floor with a crack of his head against the wood, John did not immediately go to his side. Instead, he stood there and stared at Sherlock’s crumpled body. He could not come to terms with Sherlock’s dishonesty, and even though he really didn’t think Sherlock gave him everything, actually having it be true was no less painful. John wasn’t sure how much time had passed before he dropped what was in his hands and went to Sherlock.
“Sherlock,” John gasped. Sherlock readied himself as John shoved him down into his crotch, spilling himself down Sherlock’s aching throat, pulsating against his tongue. Sherlock swallowed obediently. He loved the taste of him, the salt on his palate. Sherlock reached down to pull out his own throbbing cock. John rode out his orgasm in Sherlock’s mouth, slowly thrusting once more before pulling out to watch Sherlock desperately jerk on his own reddened member. Sherlock’s bruised lips hung open as he thrust into his own fist frantically. He chased the taste of John. The thick coating in Sherlock’s mouth made him drool as he licked at it.
The many nights he had spent awake in fear that he would close his eyes and see that stare had all come crashing down. The earth fell sideways, and it was John who had been falling. Sherlock had been saying words, but all he could think was “two years.” He had mourned for two years; thought about jumping after Sherlock for two years; pressed the barrel of his Sig to his temple for two years, and yet, here he was, making light of everything in that socially awkward way of his.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but the small smile on John’s face stopped him. He clamped his mouth shut, and lifted his chin, reverting back to his haughty nature. John took notice.
Sherlock clenched his hands. Once again, he would have to start over. But what made this time different was John. Yes, he had been there for the other times, but this had a different taste. No longer was John’s disappointment directed at him. Sherlock was the victim of the situation. Now, whether Sherlock thought of it as a good thing or not, he couldn’t decide, because he still had some conscious decision in going along with Victor; but, at least John was no longer angry at him. He didn’t want to do anything that would upset him. At least, not on purpose.
“Marginally,” Sherlock sighed. “It will only worsen as I have spent some time getting reacquainted with my drug of choice.”
“Can you swallow, Sherlock?” When Sherlock didn’t answer, John kneeled beside him again and placed an aspirin tablet under his tongue.
“And I will allow you to mother-hen your brother as you like.” Sherlock bit back a smile. Mycroft frowned. He was already regretting his decision to let the doctor live with Sherlock.
“What will it be Sherlock? Are you going to shoot me, or are we going to learn what happens if you die in here?”
That was a special man over there. John still couldn’t explain; he could just feel their connection to one another.
“I certainly appreciate the effort,” John chuckled behind him. “Maybe you can make up the difference by insulting the Yard more.”
Sherlock was jittery and quivering all morning, but in this moment, he felt stilled. The man was a live wire, but John grounded him, insulated him with warmth and firm grips. John was sturdy bodily and strong mentally- a soldier through and through. It was an odd feeling that both men shared. John missed excitement, and since he had moved in across the street, seeing Sherlock was a bit of a rush every time. The detective was wild and odd in physicality and intellectuality, and John was finally able to feel all of it under his fingertips. He practically buzzed under his palms. Electricity coursed through this man’s veins.
John paused and looked back at Sherlock. The detective looked him up and down before giving a small nod.
“That motherfucker hurt him, and I wasn’t going to let what he did go unpunished. Pure and simple. Don’t make it more complex, Greg.” Lestrade took in a deep breath and held it for a few seconds. He knew that’s what John did to most criminals that managed to get their hands on Sherlock, but it was never like this. What he saw back at the scene was not like any other time.
John leaned back against the bathroom tile, fingers gripping the sink. Look at him: thinking about fighting his wife. This is not what regular married couples do. They’re hardly a normal couple, right? He watched his wife make a perfect shot through a coin. Should he be impressed? Hardly. He had seen plenty of crackshots in Afghanistan. He was only worried about that gun being turned on Sherlock again. John looked into the mirror above the sink. The dark shadows under his eyes had faded, but with Sherlock ignoring his body’s need to sleep and heal, they never really went away. When he changed his bandages, John’s vision would blur with the rising tears. He never wanted Sherlock to have a matching bullet wound. The echo of a gunshot made John flinch. He gripped the edge of the sink till his knuckles went white, heart racing. He knew the sound was just a memory, louder than other times, but a ghost nonetheless. His shoulder ached.
Once inside, John removed Sherlock’s woolen coat and hung it up on the hook. The other man proceeded to lay on the couch in the fetal position.
Tears prickled behind Sherlock’s eyes when a red Irish setter came around the corner with ears flattened and teeth bared. Sherlock grit his teeth. Redbeard stood loyally in front of John, poised to attack. Sherlock had to push down the sob welling up in his throat.
Sherlock leaned against the cold benchtop with John draped over his back. They caught their breath enough to separate from each other. Sherlock stood up straight with a wince.
“I can be extremely abrasive.” John looked back to see Sherlock leaning heavily against the doorway into the kitchen.
He wanted to disappear. Fade away into a husk of flesh, only supported by the hot harmony of cocaine searing his veins. Sherlock craved nothingness. He wanted to not be here, trapped in his own vessel, where the outside world bristled beneath the surface of his skin like a nuclear reactor, a constant bother.
Sherlock remained on the floor, letting the tears slide down his temples. He had estimated that he had at least one broken rib and a fractured orbital bone, but those were minor pains compared to the distance in John’s voice. Sherlock struggled to rise and wrapped his arms around himself. He had hoped that John would look at him as he left through the opposite doors, but he made it out of the hospital without John running back to him, asking for forgiveness, and declaring his love for him. Life was not a romantic movie as much as people would like it to be, and even though Sherlock never was one for fantasy, he lingered outside in the freezing rain, hoping that maybe this time it could be.
Again, comments are ALWAYS appreciated, and if there is anything misspelled or otherwise, do not hesitate to let me know.
Sherlock sat at the foot of the bed and fell back into the center, legs hanging down. John busied himself with removing Sherlock’s shoes and ignoring the sight of Sherlock’s back, decorated in marks across his old scars. When John warned Sherlock that he was going to remove his trousers, Sherlock jolted upward.
“Come on. Let’s get you home so we can finish you up.” John reached down to help Sherlock up to his wobbly feet. Sherlock leaned heavily on him while John dressed him in his coat. He kissed Sherlock’s soft mouth, not expecting to receive anything more than a delicate opening of his lips.
“It comes with the job.” Sherlock leaned into his lips again. It felt only right. After a moment, he frowned against the blond man’s mouth.
John had fantasized about this since he first laid eyes on the man, but he never imagined how the sharp angles of Sherlock’s hips would feel under his fingers; the warm taste of his mouth; those elegant violinist’s fingers caressing his face. It was sensory overload. Sherlock raised his hips into John’s. The doctor ground down against him and gripped Sherlock’s wrists. He massaged circles into them as he stretched them over his head. Sherlock’s hands tangled in the dark sheets as John’s fingers made easy work of the buttons on Sherlock’s shirt. John let it fall open to reveal the pale expanse of Sherlock’s torso. John held his gasp. Sherlock lifted himself on his elbows and pressed a kiss to the corner of John’s mouth.
with Sherlock experimenting downstairs or the frustrated pacing. He would sit in the middle of his bed and listen for hours until he fell back asleep or Sherlock disappeared into his Mind Palace.
“Would you care for some company?” John stared at the other man. Sherlock seemed sincere as he watched his face through his dark lashes.
“You have to heal, Sherlock.” John hoped that it would get through to him, because it was true. Sherlock had suffered from an overdose, and his body was wrecked.
When EMS arrived and hoisted him in, John stood out of the way on the sidewalk. Mrs. Hudson gripped his bicep.
When he returned from the bathroom, he peeked over at the other flat to see Sherlock drinking tea by the kitchen sink in his dressing gown.
, John thought to himself. John settled with a warm cuppa in the chair once more. He let out a pleased sigh as he watched Sherlock settle onto the couch in his prayer pose again.
He stood quietly from the bed, facing away from John. Tension dug into his shoulders. After spending so many years hearing that word, it never lost its bite.
Again, many, many apologies for being a procrastinating asshat. Hope you enjoyed the filth. Let me know if there are any issues or misspellings or things along the lines. Comment here or hit me up on Tumblr.
For the next few moments, Sherlock simply breathed, fingers hesitating over his skin. Touching John was never this difficult in the past, but this was different; his own skin felt feverish, and Sherlock worried that John could tell that he had used again. Sherlock pressed his fingers into John’s gnarled scar, feeling where the bullet shredded through the thick muscle underneath.
John smiled in pleasant surprise to see that Sherlock had cleaned his plate before he had even gotten midway. Sherlock eyed him hungrily.
“I don’t think you do.” John met Mrs. Hudson’s stern face. “Sherlock may not know what it’s like to be hit by someone he loves,” she paused to listen to Sherlock’s snoring. “I certainly won’t let him go through that.”
As John visits Sherlock more often after being shot, he considers his worth and what it means to those around him.
The hooded man stepped away from the wall and neared John. John didn’t lean away when he stepped into his face.
“Look, John. I’m going to do my best to protect your arse on this, but you went too far. I thought you were going to control yourself. That’s excessive force if I’ve ever seen it. I’ve seen hit-and-runs with less damage. What is going on?” John didn’t answer. Of course he wouldn’t. John was a man of few words when it came to personal issues.
Sherlock released John’s hands. “Your gun.” John eyeballed Sherlock’s calm face as he reached into the back of his jeans and handed over his Sig. Sherlock turned it over in his hands, looking for blood anywhere on the gun, and giving the muzzle a hard whiff.
When Mary had shot him, John could hardly see through the red in his eyes. The woman he had loves was a liar, an assassin. She had added another scar to Sherlock’s body, and he would never forgive her. It was because of him that he was alive. His pregnant wife had managed to shoot his best friend. Regular soon-to-be mothers just had back problems and morning sickness, but she was no regular woman.
The two men sat quietly, staring at their own feet. Sherlock gripped the sides of his head. John glanced up at him. Tears glistened at the corners of Sherlock’s eyes. “I just don’t recognize this person that you have made me.” John went to his side immediately. John had always considered Sherlock to be the most clinical, analytical mind he had known. Sherlock was supposed to be almost mechanic in his behavior toward others and the way he processed his own feelings, but seeing him now, hands twisted roughly into his hair in frustration, John considered that maybe Sherlock was the one with more emotions. John pressed his lips to Sherlock’s hair. In that quiet moment, he regretted all the times he called Sherlock a machine.
Back in his new flat, he put away his stuff and pulled back the drapes. The stranger- er, Sherlock- wasn’t there. He sighed disappointedly, and then stopped himself. Why the hell should he be disappointed? He doesn’t even know the man. John stared into his kitchen. He really should go to the grocery, but his leg was bothering him more today, and he didn’t really want to make the effort. He settled for takeaway again. In the back of his mind, he dreaded being the regular at the restaurant, but he did need dinner.
Sherlock wiped sweat from his temple with a quivering hand. “It is one of my prized possessions, not only for its value, but because it was gifted to me in university.”
The shot rang through John’s ears as he ducked out of Roland-Kerr College. He had to get away fast enough so it didn’t seem like it was him who pulled the trigger at the cabbie. The image of Sherlock’s fingers, quaking around the pill, was burned in his mind as NSY gathered around the front. John slid off to the side as officers escorted Sherlock to the ambulance.
How did he not notice the raised scratches across Sherlock’s bare chest, or hell, even the fact that Sherlock was shirtless? Sherlock’s abdomen was bruised and scratched more than he had ever seen. He had suffered stab wounds less gruesome.
John leaned down to kiss his jaw and patted his thigh. “Let me get this hand cleaned. Just stay there.” Right when he moved to stand, Sherlock gripped his wrist tightly and pulled him close. He took John’s hand and licked a filthy stripe over his palm. John shuddered, but it was too soon for him to get hard again. He would just have to settle for the sight of Sherlock licking his hand clean.
“How was the last batch?” Sherlock didn’t answer. “You taught me a lot of the chemistry behind making my own product, and can I just say: I’m making a killing,” Victor grinned.
Sherlock didn’t move. He remained hidden by his collar. John felt along the wall for the switch and flooded the kitchen with overly bright light.
“I was called in to help out at the surgery, but I wanted to see how you were doing before I accepted.”
John slid into the booth at the back corner of the pub to face the buzzing crowd, boots wet with spilled ale. He wrapped his hand around his own pint and took a long sip. Beneath his cable-knit jumper, his muscles were tense with anticipation. His Sig Sauer was hot at his lower back. He never really needed it, but it was a welcomed feeling: the security of his gun.
“Allow me,” he purred, taking the jacket from the older man and holding it out for his arms. He eased it on and rested his hands on John’s shoulders, thumbs rubbing circles into the back of his neck. John melted a little but remembered that they were still standing in a restaurant and cleared his throat before walking out the door, Sherlock close behind him.
Regardless, witnessing Sherlock’s wicked tongue was a major turn on. When it was pointed at him, well, that wasn’t so nice, but seeing Mycroft stand with a huff, adjusting his waistcoat and smoothing his immaculate pants, was certainly a pleasing sight. Shivers ran from the base of John’s skull down his spine.
John could no longer hear his heavy breathing or the blood rushing in his ears. There was a high-pitched ringing in his ears that reminded him of being back in the arid desert of Afghanistan, where the air was hotter than the dirt. John didn’t want this to happen now, but what did he expect when he went out looking for him? John knew exactly why he was out here.
Okay so I wanna extend my BIGGEST APOLOGIES FOR TAKING SO GODDAMN LONG TO FINISH THIS. I AM SO SO INCREDIBLY SORRY. Seriously. I've just been dealing with some major writer's block and my depression hasn't been kind. I know you're going read this and be like, "Yo, that's it?" and I'm sorry to say that yeah that's all I could squeeze out. SO SORRY again
Sherlock kissed his way up to the tip of John’s cock, gently caressing his lower lip below the head. He settled a wet kiss to the crown before wrapping his firm lips around the shorter man. Sherlock slipped his tongue in the slit. John lifted himself on his elbows to admire the mop of black curls that bobbed up and down with every slide of Sherlock’s tongue. The other man’s smart mouth was bringing John to the brink.
Sherlock dove for his mouth with increased vigor, biting at the other man’s lip and entangling his dexterous fingers in his short blond-grey hair. It only took a few seconds for John to start his hand up again. He eased Sherlock higher up the metaphorical mountain again before pumping fast enough to break Sherlock’s mouth away from his. Sherlock’s head was thrown back. Damp curls stuck to his forehead and the side of his face. His breathing was quick, and John would worry that he would hyperventilate if it wasn’t for how close the brunet was.
“You know what.” Sherlock rolled his eyes at him. “When are you going to ask? Now that you’re a romantic, I mean.”
Sherlock hurriedly unbuttoned his shirt, throwing it in John’s chair and tearing off his undershirt. John opened his eyes at the flutter of energy in front of him and quickly followed suit. He was about to undo his pants when Sherlock gripped his wrist. Without letting go, Sherlock lowered himself to his knees, still clad in his tented black trousers. He released John’s hand and placed both around his waist, breathing heavily. John didn’t know what to do with his hands, letting them hover just above Sherlock’s head. Sherlock nuzzled at John’s clothed cock. He mouthed at the hard line in John’s jeans. Sherlock could no longer contain his energy and made quick work of John’s belt and jeans. John could hardly breathe.
“We don’t know a thing about each other; I don’t know where we’re meeting; I don’t even know your name.”
John stood at the front desk, waiting to make sure all his paperwork was done. It was the end of his shift, and he had enough time to make it to the grocery before it got too late. The double doors down the hall were pushed open and Sherlock strode through, shoving his hands in his pockets, coat flaring behind him. John picked up his jaw from the floor when the man stood next to him.
The doctor smiled cutely as he swallowed Sherlock completely one more time before offering his fingers to Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock took them, closing his eyes as he did so, before sucking the whole of two fingers into his mouth. John made a sound like Sherlock had kicked him in the gut. Sherlock looked pointedly at John when he came off Sherlock’s cock with a dramatic
“How about I let you take in as much as you’d like?” John took Sherlock’s hands in his and brought them to his shoulders. “Set the pace,”
“He’s got his reasons, and it’s none of our business, so before you go about deducing him,” John smiled when Sherlock’s drifting gaze refocused on him. “Just drop it.”
"Are you feeling okay?" Sherlock felt his eyes slide to John's face. His mouth was dry so he didn't try to speak, but he wanted to tell him that he was fine now that John was with him.
“Sherlock,” John murmured sleepily. Sherlock nuzzled the back of John’s neck. John stiffened against him.
In the back of the cab, Sherlock’s hand in his, John was finally able to think that despite the awful things he had gone through and done, to be here with Sherlock made it all worth the pain. It took him long enough to reach this moment, so he was going to take it for all it was worth. Sherlock was his finally, and there was no one to get in the way of that.
Sherlock and John stumbled into the detective’s room. There were some files scattered across the bed, but Sherlock threw them down. John kissed him open-mouthed down on the bed. Sherlock was putty underneath him. Both of them were still clothed, taking everything painfully slow.
Sherlock lifted his head out the water, gulping in air as quickly as he could, before patting his face dry. He went into his bedroom to pull on a clean pair of bottoms and returned to the sitting room. Sherlock was about to reach for John’s laptop when he noticed a note on the coffee table.
“You’ll like it here,” Mrs. Hudson whispered quickly as he sat on the armrest, massaging Sherlock’s head. John looked up at her to see a wide grin stretching from ear to ear. “Your room is upstairs, but of course, it could always be just for storage.”
“I’ve had a lot of time to consider the best ways to burn you, Sherlock,” he said in a familiar sing-song manner. “Of course, I had some help, but what do you think?” He spread his arms and did a turn. “Certainly an upgrade from those hideous jumpers, as you call them.” John approached Sherlock.
A door swung open after he climbed the next flight of stairs. It was a new door, painted yellow and stood out from the natural dark cherry wood accents of the hall. Sherlock stepped into the warmly lit room. The door closed softly behind him. In the middle of the room stood only a group of five candles organized from shortest to tallest. There was nothing else to see in the room- its corners engulfed in shadows. Sherlock began to panic quietly. He was never without his sight. What could he do without being able to see the obvious truth around him?
John rolled his eyes. “I just need to make it to Tesco before it closes.” Lestrade frowned, but motioned John over to join him at their car. Emergency lifted Victor’s unconscious body into the back.
“Go get me another.” The steel in John’s voice made a shiver run through Sherlock’s spine. His cock was certainly interested in John’s ferocity. Sherlock swung his leg around to step out.
“Please,” John said. “I love you so much.” Sherlock turned his head to gently brush his lips against John’s cheek. He swallowed hard against his tightening throat. It wouldn’t help to get teary eyed in front of John now. Sherlock’s mouth drifted toward John’s where they met gently. John reached up to hold Sherlock’s head behind his ear. They kissed softly before a nurse came in to check Sherlock’s leads, two of which that had come undone while they snogged in his bed. Sherlock leaned back against the bed and let the nurse fiddle with the electrodes.
“No? Then maybe you’ve come to get your ass fucked like all those times before. Can you count the number of times you would crawl back here, begging for another hit, begging for my cock in your mouth? How many hands would you need to count the times?”
“I’m-” John stammered, “I’m sure once we get back to normal, booze will seem much less appealing.” John hiccupped and let his head roll to the side.
“No.” John said flatly. Sherlock’s lips pinched shut. “I don’t want to hear a peep out of you for the rest of the night.” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.
“I’m done if you are,” Sherlock murmured, already shrugging on his coat. John jumped out of his chair and tried to put on his jacket with trembling hands. Sherlock stood behind him, pressing his hips into John’s back.
When he finally emerged from the bathroom, John had his medical kit out to clean and treat the worst areas of Sherlock's skin. Afterwards, John set down their breakfast plates. Sherlock took a careful seat and gladly accepted the hot mug of coffee from John. John checked the stove before taking a seat next to Sherlock.
John settled his other hand on the junction between Sherlock’s shoulder and neck. “I’ve nothing but praise when I speak to others about you. They already know you can be a right arse, so why should I reiterate the obvious? There’s no need to be jealous. You’re the only bloody madman I could possibly want.” Sherlock’s frown smoothed out. His stomach twisted at the sight of John’s sincere smile. For a second, Sherlock forgot all the awful things that happened the night before. There was only happiness in the future of John’s eyes, and the past felt centuries ago.
It was a reminder of the wasted years they had spent pining over each other, but that time has slipped between their fingers. John felt that familiar twist in his stomach. A grey veil enveloped him, and all he could think of is the recently sharpened set of kitchen knives in the drawer. He could almost feel the sharp pinch on his neck. The coppery smell would linger in the carpet and drapes for weeks. Mrs. Hudson would have to get new carpet. She could just get a professional cleaner, but who would want to remember the blood stain that was once there. John realizes that he must look better on the outside than what he felt on the inside, and it feels like a small victory. It would surprise so many people to hear of his suicide. People would comment on his blog wishing that he were still there, praising his skills as a doctor and assistant detective, how they would never have guessed that he hated living so much. The only person who would know would be Sherlock. Would his friends cry? Mary might, or they could be tears of a woman who has to find a new life to hide in again.
The morning after a particularly terrible nightmare, John had called in sick to work for the third day and padded downstairs, unshaven and undressed. Sherlock sat staring at John’s chair sipping tea dressed spectacularly as usual.
John rose to his tired feet again and nearly ran out of the park to the main street to call for a cab. When he arrived at the hospital, he began to argue with the nurse at the front desk.
“You’re not using that infernal cane. Your limp's psychosomatic as explained by your therapist.” John stopped and looked down at his leg.
“You’re going to be a prat, I already know, but look at you,” John said against the detective. “You’re amazing.”
“Will you be okay by yourself,” Lestrade asked as he dumped John onto the sofa. John laid his head back to slow the spinning room around him. The detective inspector went into the kitchen to retrieve a glass of water and placed it on the coffee table.
Sherlock quickly tucked himself back into his trousers and replaced his coat. He was mouthwateringly attractive even looking like a disheveled shag. Without giving John time to make himself decent, Sherlock was already making his way toward the door.
“I am feeling much better. Thank you.” John knew how he felt; he was a doctor after all, but Sherlock was aware of the standard “bedside” manners that John must be accustomed to providing his patients, live-in or otherwise. John continued to carefully observe Sherlock as he inhaled most of his plate. A little more than halfway through, Sherlock reached for a handful of ginger biscuits and pushed those into his mouth ungraciously. John ate his breakfast with less gusto than Sherlock and was impressed with his cooking skills despite having a long night with both Lestrade and Sherlock. While Sherlock chewed hastily on biscuits, John reached out to softly rub his thumb over the black bruise around Sherlock’s eye socket. Sherlock froze for a moment before easing his face into John’s hand.
When Sherlock opened his eyes, he was no longer in the overwhelming sun, but back in his flat. A bead of sweat escaped his hairline. John pressed two fingers into his carotid artery.
John couldn’t see anything but red, and he was pretty sure that for those few moments, he had blacked out from rage, because soon, he found himself with his fist raised and tears clinging to Sherlock’s eyelashes. Blood gushed from his nose and mingled with the sweat droplets that had fallen from John’s brow. With a shaky breath, John rose to his feet and stood at the far end of the room.
He had had a vivid dream one night, of Sherlock’s heaving chest pressed against his own while they hid from a suspect with a gun, wedged in between a tight alley. John had been surprised to see a cat slink between their feet. Sherlock had not stopped staring at him, and the proximity to him was making him sweaty around the collar. Sherlock raised his palm to his chest, tapping his index finger along with his heartbeat. John faced him. He smelled like tea and stolen cigarettes, and it was the most glorious smell he could experience. It was inherently Sherlock. He had pressed his lips to John’s ear.
“I’m not geriatric, John. Besides, I should be asking you that.” John did a quick body assessment and found that he felt bloody fantastic.
“Take off your coat.” Sherlock stood and removed his coat with his eyes firmly glued on John’s expressionless face. He dressed in all black today, noticing John’s mood the very moment he rolled out of bed. John loved when he wore all black- the stark contrast of the fabric against his gorgeously pale skin. Sherlock shouldered his way to the bar, ignoring the intense glares of the other patrons, and ordered another drink. Sherlock placed the pint in front of John.
In between the aisles, John carried a basket full of tea, milk, sugar, and jam. He debated on getting anything else, but really, how much would he be actually cooking? He proceeded to grab a loaf of bread and pay. The cab dropped him off at his flat and as he stumbled out, he noticed a figure swaying in the opposite flat. He glanced over at Sherlock as he eased the bow across the strings before he disappeared behind the front door.
“John,” Sherlock eased off the armchair and pulled his knees to his chest. He would give all his attention to this man, lock himself in his flat to make sure that no one would disturb them just so that John would feel safe with him.
“I know I have hurt you,” John began. “In more ways than one.” Sherlock remained still. Maybe he really was asleep. Whether or not he heard him, it would make good practice to get everything out for when he did wake up.
The pressure in John’s head subsided. Maybe this is how his therapy sessions were supposed to go instead of him dancing around questions and reading Ella’s notes upside down. John looked around the sitting room and smiled to himself. He had fallen asleep on that sofa so many times after staying up for more than forty-eight hours on stake-outs and alleyway chases. Sherlock would be a flurry of energy through the flat while he snored loudly. Clients would sit in the special chair to share their cases, and Sherlock would sit in his chair with that haughty lift of his chin while John took notes. John would sit and listen to Sherlock play concertos on the violin as he read through the newspaper. He once had a life in this flat, but he had thrown it away.
“Would you like some ice chips,” John asked nervously. “You must be thirsty.” Sherlock made no movement.
“I don’t know what is going on with you, and I’m sure it’s serious enough to make you like this,” Lestrade motioned vaguely to John’s person, “but whatever it is, it doesn’t excuse your actions. I know Sherlock loves you, but I think he’s making the right choice.” Lestrade took a long sip of his beer and watched John nibble on his lower lip from over the edge of the mug.
“Hmmm, so you are, huh? Did you not like the way I sent Sherl back to you? Would it make you feel better if I told you he enjoyed it?”
Mike was talking about a flatshare or something when John was pulled from his thoughts. The park was just as it was before.
He took a slow breath. “I spent hours in my mind palace reliving the moments between us, chasing down criminals in wet alleyways, eating takeaway in the late hours covered in dirt and sweat. The times I could manage to sleep, I would dream of your anxious footsteps upstairs and the way your hand stilled when you held your gun. As much as I wanted to come home, I needed to make sure Moriarty’s web had been dismantled.”
He lifted his left hand to reach for Sherlock and found himself instead wrapping it around Sherlock’s waist when he came to rest over John, lithe thighs straddling him. John went to grab the other side of Sherlock’s waist but before he could move, Sherlock had grabbed both of John’s wrists and pinned them next to his head and,
out a laugh that startled them both. They froze for a heartbeat, eyes locked together, and then they both erupted in giggles.
Soon one finger became two, Sherlock a mewling mess on the bed, panting and moaning John’s name like a litany. John fucked his fingers into Sherlock languidly, savoring the sensation of having the object of his desire spread open before him like a buffet. John crooked his fingers, brushing against Sherlock’s prostate and wringing a shout from the long, pale throat. John pulled off of Sherlock’s dick for a moment, entranced by Sherlock lost to passion, head thrown back, naked and clutching the sheets. Just the sight was enough to send John’s hindbrain into high gear. With the hand not buried inside Sherlock, he worked his own pants off, finally letting his own hard length spring free. It jumped and pointed at Sherlock like a homing beacon just as Sherlock opened his eyes. The pure lust that overtook his features was distinctly gratifying for being directed solely at John. If this was his reward for the hell he’d gone through in the army, he’d gladly take it.
Without need for discussion, John nodded his assent. Addressing Mycroft without taking his eyes from John, Sherlock said, “When?”
John’s hands clenched in the sheets as Sherlock fucked him with one finger, then two. When he added a third, he also bent them to brush against John’s prostate on every stroke, and John was going to have to stop this because he was already so close and didn’t want to come just yet.
“That is an exit wound.” His eyes flicked over it as deductions flew through his brilliant mind. “Long-range rifle, fifteen degrees of elevation. The projectile missed your scapula and posterior ribs, but shattered the second anterior rib and—”
“So I did, Doctor Watson, and so we are. However, it does not qualify as a prison, nor will you find any trace of it unless you know where to look.”
“I’ve got you.” John kept his voice low, soothing. He took Sherlock back into his mouth. Sherlock’s hips jacked up involuntarily; John put his other arm across Sherlock’s hips and held him down while he went to town on the feast before him. He drew Sherlock in deep, sucking and swallowing around him while his other hand kept up the steady pressure, invading Sherlock’s body. Once his finger was fully inside, he crooked it a bit, then pulled it back out and pumped it a few times, loosening the muscles there.
Sherlock reached over into his bedside drawer again and withdrew several condoms. He put them aside for a moment, however, and straddled John’s pelvis, eyes locked on John’s as he lined their cocks up and ground down, drawing deep, needy groans from both of them. Sherlock wrapped one large hand around the both of them and pumped a few times, then he backed off to open a condom and slide it down over John, holding his eyes captive the entire time. When John was fully sheathed, Sherlock used the bottle to liberally coat John’s cock in lube, then straddled his pelvis again, lining them up differently this time. Sherlock rose up on his knees and John reached down to steady himself for Sherlock. He checked one more time to make sure Sherlock was ready for him, taking a few moments to slide two, then three fingers into Sherlock’s tightness before wiping his hand on the sheets and grabbing Sherlock’s hip to help guide him.
“John,” Sherlock began, but then was unsure how to continue. John, apparently, decided this was a fine time to not say a bloody word; just kept this sort of bemused smile on his face, waiting to see what Sherlock blurted out next.
“All right?” John asked, to which Sherlock could only nod, lest he unintentionally snap at his— colleague? Friend?
“Debrief at my office tomorrow at oh-nine-hundred. Come prepared,” and with that, he gave his umbrella a little twirl, executed a perfect turn, and returned to his ubiquitous black car, bound, Sherlock knew, for his townhouse and a certain consulting criminal.
He let that hang there briefly before adding, “But I wasn’t the one abducted and held in a basement holding cell barely large eno— oh! It was a dog cage, obviously; feeding his tired line about you being some sort of
I give her a smacking kiss on the cheek and then pull her in for a hug.  “Happy birthday, Harriet.  You’re officially old.”
There wasn’t an immediate reply and John fidgeted under Sherlock’s close scrutiny, his grey eyes flashing.  After a moment, Sherlock said, “It is true that I have connections that put me closer in rank to the King.  However, I am still able to tell when he is saying a bunch of meaningless twaddle.”
“Bye, John, enjoy your houseguest, but do keep it down -- think of the neighbours!” She calls over her shoulder, voice dripping with innuendo, before the door is closed in her face.
The next morning, I wake to an empty bed.  Since I’d finally fallen asleep pressed tightly against Sherlock, the lack of his warmth in my arms is immediately apparent.  Pushing back the covers, I shuffle out into the hall in search of him.  The flat is completely quiet, giving me no indication of where he is, so I glance in the into the kitchen -- empty -- and carry on into the sitting room.
As the horse rider drew nearer, the heavy silence of the crowd intensified, thickening around them like a layer of fog. The rider was followed by a contingent of field marshals and admirals from the Army, Air Force and Navy. They marched solemnly in rows of four and John recognised his own field marshal, Edmund Ironside, in the ranks.
Sherlock looks pleased by my response and continues his lecture.  “In the centre of Holyrood Park in Edinburgh, there is a hill, part of an ancient volcanic chain, called Arthur’s Seat -- the name’s a trifle fanciful, if you ask me, and inaccurate considering the legend of King Arthur is so closely tied to Wales -- but when you walk through the park you get the sense that you could be in the far reaches of the Highlands instead of in the city, due to the rocky outcroppings that formed as the glaciers pushed across the land.  One can breathe there.  And if you walk just fifteen minutes up the crags, you overlook the city and can see for miles on a clear day, across the water and into the lower hills of the Highlands.”
Sherlock emerged as John was putting the cap back on the bottle of vinegar and reshelving it. He stood in braces with his shirtsleeves rolled up to the elbow, forearms thin and pale. John forced himself to focus on Sherlock’s face, now clean, but his nose did appear a bit red and swollen. Not worryingly so, but John wanted to take a look anyway.
Sherlock seems a bit reluctant but eventually says, “John, if you have no prior engagements, would you like to go on a date with me on Saturday night?”
- And bonus points to anyone who can tell me the name of the song that inspired one line in this chapter.  :D
“Sherlock, go pour some wine,” I command in my best Captain Watson voice, trying to pull myself together.
“This is simply not true!”  He turns to me and continues his story, “Because of Sherlock’s recommendation, I was able to get a role in one of his films, a bit part in
He grumbles in response, pulling the duvet up over his shoulder and snuggling around me even tighter, causing me to laugh.
A few minutes later, the door opened again. “Follow me, Sir,” the footman said, stepping back against the wall to create space for John to enter the room.
Sherlock had nodded and busied himself with extricating his driving gloves from his pocket and trying to get them onto his hands without too much fumbling. As he fixed the closure of the second glove, he had glanced up to find John watching him intently and his cheeks flushed as a result. He had watched as John looked around the garage, surveying their surroundings, and then positively prowled back around the boot of the car and came to a stop directly in front of Sherlock, leaving barely a centimeter of space between them.
“There is a long list of publicists, journalists, directors and actors who would disagree with you vehemently.”
By that point Prince Henry and Major Lestrade had caught up and both looked extremely displeased at their causing a scene on the street. John just wanted to be away from the lot of them.
Sherlock Holmes jerks his head in a curt nod and begins scratching a note. Upon finishing he thrusts it at Anderson, recaps the pen and slaps it down on the counter.
At lunchtime, I give in to my curiosity and pull up the BBC News app on my phone to read their coverage.  The tone of the article is so dismissive and impersonal, like Sherlock is just a commodity to be sold and discarded instead of a human being who should be valued, someone with flaws and insecurities, yes, but also strength and brilliance and hopes for the future.  I make it halfway through the article before closing the app and slapping my phone down on the counter.
The man huffed out an exasperated sigh, turning to face John fully where he stood, his expression saying ‘what?’ as clearly as if he’d spoken.
John snorted, “Yeah, sure. It all sounds so innocuous when you phrase it like that. Maybe running through dark alleyways while being chased is just an everyday occurrence for your lot then?  And who are you, anyway?”
Sally is making notes on her phone again, nodding as Sherlock speaks.  “I’ll write up a strategy for these interviews and brief you on it later.”
“Isn’t he wonderful?” Mrs Hudson asked, gazing fondly at John. “Always willing to lend a helping hand. You are lucky to count him as a friend, young man.”
The taller soldier butted in, eyes glinting, “You gotta admit that you were proper cheesed, Benton!”
The doorman nodded and began scanning through the long list of names in front of him, his stubby index finger keeping his place as he moved down the page.  Sherlock narrowed his eyes and waited for the man to reach the end, when he would realise they did not belong.  It did not take long.
“Oh, honestly, Sherlock.  What did you expect?  To walk out the front door of Buckingham Palace to join the crowds on the Mall?  Of course Papa was only going to agree if he was able to decide where we went.”
It’s early still and the sun is just starting to shine weakly across the floorboards.  Sherlock is curled up in the armchair.  (I’m quickly coming to think of that as his chair -- he looks so perfectly
“I certainly wasn’t waiting for you to apologise about Anderson.  I mean, I spend most of his shifts insulting him in my head, so it was rather a relief to hear someone say it out loud to be honest.”
Thanks so much to @eternaljohnlock for beta-ing this chapter - your reaction comments made me giggle and spurred me on during the editing process! :)
“Yeah, of course, mate.  I can be there about seven.”  The bank statement arrived in the post this morning, so I’ve got to go through to make sure everything’s in order after we close up for the day.
“Looking back on the circumstances of my early career, including that period before I hit rock bottom, it is clear that Moriarty was an insignificant blip.  I have not seen or spoken to him in over a decade and I will not make any further comment on his fleeting presence in my life.”
With a full belly, I set my cutlery down on my plate and pick up my wine glass, settling back against the sofa in an attempt to relax.  Which is difficult because I can feel Sherlock next to me radiating with barely suppressed tension.
“Oh!  Ha.  I woke up yesterday to a barrage of texts from all of them.  They were definitely curious, to say the least.  You were a big hit at Harry’s birthday, but I imagine you draw attention wherever you go.”
I know they’re not going to let me get away with that and I’m proven right when I’m met with five identical expressions of ‘and?’ plus Sherlock’s look of barely controlled amusement.  “Fine, and then we met when I spilled coffee on him by accident, and Sherlock was so taken by my bumbling attempts to apologise that he turned up at the shop today to ask me out.  And, of course, I already had plans and tried to let him down gently, but instead of being put off, he just invited himself along.  See, couldn’t keep him away!”
This insult makes me snort with laughter and I receive a sharp look from Mycroft as he bends to retrieve his umbrella and makes his way to the front door, posture perfect as though he’s trying to uphold his dignity after being called a ‘pudding stain’.
Had it just been the two of us, Greg might have let me get away with that reply, accepting that I don't want to discuss it.  Molly is not having it, however.  “Is Sherlock still staying with you?” she asks, head-on and unapologetic.  Clearly Greg told her about our conversation at the pub on Thursday night.
He scrutinises me for a few minutes, but I hold his gaze, remembering now what it feels like to be at the receiving end of his assessing look.  Finally, he looks away, depositing his plate on the table, meal only half-eaten, and slumps back into the sofa, losing some of the rigidity that he’s carried in him since he first appeared at the shop.
Sherlock’s name is splashed across the signs declaring the day’s headlines outside corner shops, each more vulgar than the last, some even attempting bad puns with his name.  Janine and a colleague are gossiping about the story when I pop into Printworks for a coffee, half of their comments are criticism and the other half are fantasies of Sherlock being some dark, troubled soul looking to be saved.  My phone buzzes with a news alert outlining the main details of Sherlock’s stint in rehab, like it’s international breaking news.  Even Anderson brings it up --
In the middle of the night, I’m startled out of a deep sleep by a text alert -- Sherlock’s message telling me that he is still waiting to board the plane and he’s ‘bored’.  I blearily squint at my phone as I punch out my reply: ⟪So, the usual then.  Take a walk around the terminal or deduce your fellow passengers.  In your head, preferably.⟫
John felt the change in Sherlock immediately. Sherlock was one of two things, generally: a live wire— brain working at light speed and making his muscles jittery— or the embodiment of lethargy. This was neither. This was Sherlock… shorting out. His eyes were slits, his soft lips parted just enough to breathe out a soft,
John,” Sherlock moaned, spreading his legs wider. John’s eyes opened and he pulled off, rising to his feet quickly and taking Sherlock’s mouth again before maneuvering him down onto the bed, desire obliterating his iridescent irises. John pushed Sherlock’s thighs farther apart and slotted himself between them, sliding Sherlock’s prick back into its new second home in John’s mouth. He brought his hands up and started to tease Sherlock’s hole again, pushing a little more insistently.
Sherlock caught John rolling his eyes in his peripheral vision, most likely internally lamenting the utter lack of secrecy in the “top secret” documents in John’s military file. The corner of Sherlock’s mouth quirked up slightly as he turned his head to catch John’s eye again.
in Sherlock, who seemed to have sprouted several extra arms, judging by the feel of his hands all over John, regardless of clothing. John chuckled, then pulled Sherlock back in and melded their lips together.
The moments John Watson had offered to sacrifice himself to save Sherlock, and where he had accepted dying right alongside Sherlock to stop Moriarty.
“It’s all fine.” John reached out and placed his hand along Sherlock’s hipbone, fingertips sliding underneath the waistband of the black boxer-briefs. He met Sherlock’s eyes, a question, and at the slight nod he received, he pushed them down. His other hand joined the effort, the fabric catching on Sherlock’s impressive erection. John’s breath hitched as his eyes, too, snagged on the jutting flesh. Helpless to do otherwise, John knelt, putting his mouth right at a level with his prize. He tilted his head and mouthed over the solid ridge of covered flesh, reverently learning the length and breadth through the fabric. He could see Sherlock’s fist clenching and releasing next to his hip, clearly trying to hold himself back.
In the immediate aftermath came, of course, the local police, quickly followed by the rush of Mycroft’s minions invading, securing, sweeping away the physical evidence of the moments that had completely stopped the heart Sherlock Holmes was now hyper-aware of having, after all.
Just then, Sherlock’s tongue made a tentative, wet pass over the skin at the junction of John’s shoulder and neck, and John let out a moan of his own. His hands tightened on Sherlock and John returned the caress. He placed a kiss to the base of Sherlock’s throat— as ever, on display by the open collar of his shirt, teasing John mercilessly— then opened his mouth and nipped a bit, garnering the desired bass moan.
John felt the delicious tension building at the base of his spine again, balls tightening as his eyes followed the long line of Sherlock’s delectable body from his impossibly long neck, down miles and miles of creamy skin to where he was enthusiastically taking John’s cock. He took one of his hands off of Sherlock’s hip and reached between them,
A few minutes later, when John finally entered the flat, Sherlock was standing stock-still in the middle of the living room, looking at him.
And the wave finally crashed over John, whiting out his vision and abandoning any hope of rhythm, sinking himself as far inside Sherlock’s body as he could. He spent himself into the condom, hips stuttering to a stop and mind floating somewhere over Baker Street.
Another thrill shot through John and he pulled Sherlock’s mouth down to his one more time, claiming it. As he fucked his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth, John’s index finger pushed just a bit harder at the join of their bodies and slid in next to John’s cock, which gave a mighty twitch as he stilled his hips to explore this new sensation.
Sherlock’s hips stopped completely; his head dropped to the crook of John’s neck and he lowered himself until his body was skin-to-skin with John from their chests down past their quivering stomachs to where they’d become one for the second time that night. Sherlock’s forearms rested along John’s sides, his hands burying themselves beneath John’s shoulders, fingers curling over the tops.
It’s been several years since I wrote this. I found it when I took all my docs and put them on Google Docs; I’d forgotten all about it. Just gonna post this to have it out there, be my first official wordbaby. There is a plan for another chapter that will be pretty much all smut and some fluff. That will be it for this part of this story. However, it occurred to me that I could write about the boys’ adventures in taking down Moriarty’s network, and so I may add to it way later on, but I don’t even have a hint of a plot worked out for that, just a vague idea probably based on similar fics I’ve read throughout my time on AO3 and other sites.
John’s leg slotted between Sherlock’s, bringing their pelvises as closely together as possible while standing, and John was thrilled to feel the hard ridge pressed against his stomach. His own cock, nestled against Sherlock’s thigh, twitched in excitement and began to fill as he tilted his head for a better angle at Sherlock’s mouth. He delved inside, sliding his tongue along Sherlock’s and flicking it playfully. He felt Sherlock smile, the kiss loosening as Sherlock withdrew his tongue and— well, there was no other word for it, he
This isn’t actually the story I set out to write first. In fact, I had another, much, much longer fic already going that was nothing at all like this fic; was five chapters in, had the entire outline finished. Went to move it onto my brand-new, smaller laptop, and promptly deleted the entire. fucking. thing. Fifteen months’ worth of work (because there was a long break in the middle where we bought a house and moved and I barely wrote a word), gone. Took both the laptop upon which every single word had been written, the flash drive upon which it had always been saved, and the new (traitorous) laptop, upon which I had impaled my heart with sickening ease, to a friend of mine who works in IT. He was unable to retrieve my files, so I went to the professional geeks where I’d bought the new laptop, with the same results. Both told me of a data retrieval company in Madison, so I looked them up, got a quote, sent in my flash drive, and… Nothing. They would’ve had to destroy it, with no guarantee of results, and any results they did find would’ve been more than four times the price of the original quote. So. I am faced with the daunting task of literally starting it all over. In some respects, that’s okay, because, while I was really happy with it, there was a bit in there that I had thought about editing out, but that was a semi-major plot point and would’ve taken a lot of reworking to undo. In any case, this story just sort-of popped into my head when I sat down.
“Sorry,” Sherlock said, and stunned himself by meaning it. But much had changed for Sherlock since leaving that message on
As the crews bustled around them, Sherlock and John were the eye of the storm, standing near enough that their arms brushed and both disinclined to alter it. As it was on John’s left that Sherlock was standing, he more felt than saw the slight tremor in John’s left hand which belied the serene look the man was wearing. Underneath, Sherlock saw the strain of the last several hours (no signs of torture or other… unpleasantness, thankfully) written in the brackets appearing in the skin around his mouth; read the truth of John’s commitment to sacrifice himself for what he deemed the Greater Good – the destruction of Jim Moriarty; found worry creasing his brow, and was surprised to find that it was directed at
A few minutes later, John was wrapped up in Sherlock’s arms and in his bed, snuggling with the world’s only consulting detective. In the morning, they’d begin a new adventure, a new chapter in their lives together.
Sherlock met his eyes just then, leaning down to take John’s mouth again and sliding two slick fingers back into John’s own hole, still loosened from Sherlock’s earlier ministrations. John moaned at the sensation and Sherlock swallowed the sound, immediately adding a third finger, pumping them a few times and spreading them, ensuring John’s preparedness.
Sherlock lifted himself and sank back down a few times, getting used to the new stretch, the new sensation. Soon, his pace picked up, fucking down on John’s cock and fingers for all he was worth, panting and moaning and John felt the tidal wave of orgasm just on the horizon. He choked out, “Sherl— Sherlock, so close.” He withdrew his fingers, wiped them off on the sheets quickly, then gripped Sherlock’s hips again and thrust up into him in earnest.
“Oh, Sherlock,” came John’s gorgeous tenor as the man raised his hand to place it on the back of Sherlock’s neck, pulling his head down as he tilted his own up.
Sherlock’s voice broke over the end of John’s name, betraying just how much emotion this self-professed ‘high-functioning sociopath’ felt. And all for
“I monitor many things in relation to my brother, Doctor Watson,” continued Mycroft, “including your blog and his own.” This did make John stiffen, and Sherlock didn’t need any further indication that the proper time to drop his arm had been reached.
For once, he found he couldn’t even muster token snideness toward Mycroft’s hovering and interference. Instead, he found himself saying, “Thank you, Mycroft.”
As soon as Sherlock could manage to control his shaking, he was most certainly going to tell John that it was just an adrenaline crash. Until then, however, he decided to close his eyes and lower his head a bit and indulge in the warmth and simple closeness of another human.
“Hey. Hey, Sherlock, come ‘ere.” And before Sherlock really knew what was happening, John’s strong arms had wrapped themselves around Sherlock and pulled him close, John’s head slotting perfectly into the side of his neck. Sherlock could feel John’s breath slide over his skin, and the shivering intensified. “It’s all right. All right,” John’s arms tightened, his right hand smoothing over Sherlock’s back as though soothing a startled animal.
"You just need to get him to the mandala," Alexis said, referring to a type of exit portal that existed in the virtual world. "The
"Didn't... what?" Sherlock breathed, his brow creasing, finding it incredibly hard to comprehend normal speech, let alone connect the words said to their meaning.
The facsimile of Sherlock moved quickly, going to his knees in front of John. Sherlock watched as the virtual Sherlock cupped John's face in his hands.
"John, I..." Sherlock started, but he had no idea what the end of that sentence was even supposed to be.
John's eyes are locked on Sherlock's lips, stretched around the thick shaft of his cock. He has a look of vague disbelief on his face as he starts to thrust into that hot, wet mouth, cautiously, slowly. Sherlock's eyes are open, looking up at him with an expression of naked want. Sherlock lets out a quiet, frustrated grunt and reaches back to take hold of John's hand in his hair, gently prying his fingers away. His other hand moves to dislodge John's hand from his shoulder.
"I want to taste your cock, John," he said, one hand moving to his chest to gently tweak a nipple, and the other taking his own cock between thumb and forefinger, giving it one long, squeezing stroke.
"We can't exactly just turn the thing off!" said Topher Quinn, a harried-looking Onira-Tech UK technician.
"Ohh, just like that," John groans, thrusting his hips slowly, forcing his cock up into Sherlock’s body.
"At least this way we can control the transfer of data and restrict it to one additional unit," Paul mused.
John broke the kiss, tensing, arching under him, staring up at Sherlock as he dragged him to the edge, then writhing, his body jerking as he was pushed, dragged over, Sherlock breathing his name as he watched him come, made him come. Sherlock's own orgasm blasted through him as John clamped down on his cock, both of them crying out harshly as the delicate, fragile thing that had been building between them solidified into something strong and real, something tangible.
John turned back with a sigh and held up his hand as Lestrade started trying to deposit the kicking woman into the car. Lestrade paused with a questioning look at John and Sherlock.
John closes his eyes, leaning with one hand against the fridge door, rubbing his forehead with the other. "What did you do to it?"
"Orrr... I can invite him over for dinner every Friday night?" John prompted. "I'll text him right now."
John attempts to move away but Sherlock's hands are clamped to the worktop either side of his hips. He's trapped. And,
His medical mind is well aware of the mechanics of anal sex and prostate stimulation, but he never expected to
Sherlock pushes John back down against the bed, forcing his head against the pillows as he attempts to take control again. John runs his fingertips lightly down Sherlock's spine and feels him shiver in his arms. This small taste of vulnerability from his friend makes John hold on a little tighter, push his hips up a little harder, kiss him a little more desperately.
Involuntarily (he tells himself), John pictures Sherlock unbuttoning his charcoal slacks and unzipping them, allowing them to fall to the floor, pooling elegantly around his feet. Would he wear boxers or briefs? John hasn't seen any of his underwear in the wash. Perhaps that means his flatmate doesn't wear underwear.
"So, to clarify, you're asking if I'm fucking your fleshlight, my erection coated in semen, both mine and yours?"
John unbuttoned his own shirt, shrugging out of it, Sherlock's hands automatically pushing under the vest top he wore underneath, rucking it up his chest. John shivered as Sherlock's fingertips stroked over his ribs.
"Well spotted," John breathed against Sherlock's frenulum, still rubbing and rubbing and driving Sherlock very quickly out of his mind.
Sherlock is reclined on the sofa, staring intently at his mobile, completely ignoring John's presence.
John feels lost in the best possible way. He's surrendered himself utterly to the lust coursing through his veins, energising every atom of his being. He wants this man more than he's ever wanted anything; more, he thinks, than he ever
John looked at Sherlock once, then walked out of 221B Baker Street without looking back. Sherlock looked at the Reverie simulation of himself for a long moment, then followed. As he rounded the landing halfway down, he heard the simulated Sherlock's violin start up, the beautiful, heartbroken strains of Barber's
"It's none of my business," Sherlock said, leaning in to brush his lips against the side of John's neck.
Sherlock chooses that moment to slip his hands into the back of John's pyjama bottoms, cupping his arse cheeks with both hands, squeezing and parting them as he pulls John’s groin against him. John swallows, looking slightly panicked for a moment, and Sherlock lifts his head and captures his parted lips in a sudden, hard kiss, forcing his tongue against John's before he can start thinking too much.
"Well. No. Not really," John said, looking miserable. "I lived with your ghost for a year and a half. I thought about moving out, even looked at a few places, but... I couldn't let you go. Couldn't abandon you."
"Not your business, Sherlock," John says lightly, still smiling as he walks into the kitchen to make tea.
He rolled the broken condom off and opened another packet, rolled a fresh condom onto his cock. He then swore under his breath as the same thing happened again. Sherlock growled in frustration and grabbed the box, looking at the expiry. He closed his eyes and breathed out slowly, trying to lessen his disappointment.
A rich, low chuckle on the other end of the phone line. "I've borrowed something else of yours. Something... private."
John reached up, grabbed the back of Sherlock's neck and pulled him down, just looking into his eyes as they rocked together. Sherlock kept his eyes on John's, pulling out a little further each time before thrusting back in. He pressed his forehead against John's, their lips brushing but not catching, both of them lost in the rhythm of their coupling.
He shrugs off his coat, slinging it over his armchair, and goes into the kitchen to make tea. He hears a loud sigh emanate from the sitting room behind him.
Sherlock paused for a few seconds, taking a moment to decide what to do, his pulse speeding up as John's eyes raked over his bare chest. After that brief moment, he pushed down the covers of his bed, exposing his body down to the knees, save for a pair of luxurious black silk boxer shorts. Not his normal sleepwear—a detail which wouldn’t have escaped John's notice.
"You want to analyse everything else – how is this any different? Am I less important somehow than the dead guy we just saw? Do I even rate a mention in the list of 'Things Sherlock Holmes Deems Important'?"
, but he wants it. It’s nothing short of terrifying, and he clings to Sherlock, clutching at his pale skin, his fingertips leaving even paler trails in their wake. The idea of Sherlock taking him is enough to have him panting and desperate. The thought of Sherlock inside him, possessing him in a way nobody else ever has, likely in a way nobody else ever will.
