“No!” John shouts pointing a finger in Sherlock’s direction. “No. I’ve had enough of your lies. Let someone else try,” he says pointing at Mary. “Go on.”
He’s still trying to emerge from his stupor. The haze is receding a bit and he can almost move. Just a bit more, and he can tell him, tell him he’s sorry for everything. Distantly he hears Sherlock talk to someone, then he feels warm breath on his face.
She dipped her head down again,  her mouth working on Sherlock’s pussy, licking and sucking at her clit, as her other hand grasped at Sherlock’s hip holding her in place. Sherlock was shaking, her orgasm washing over her, each press of John’s tongue pushing her ever closer. John, reading her body, sucked harder, her tongue rubbing faster on her clit, and Sherlock came apart, her orgasm crashing over her, wave after wave of pleasure coursing through her veins.
“Oh fuck, oh Christ,” John panted, fucking his fist in earnest, as he crouched over Sherlock’s prone form. Five or six more strokes had him at the edge, and he cried out Sherlock’s name as he came, his come painting stripes on that glorious arse.
“Molly,” Sherlock called, “I’m not entirely comfortable with the last part of the pas de deux, can we go over it again?”
“Sherlock,” John sighed, stepping in fully and closing the door, “I may not like dance, but in case you hadn’t noticed, I do like you.”
Sherlock laughed, “You know, I think I might have just have developed a newfound fondness for mistletoe, myself.”
As he comes back down to earth, it is with the feeling of John curled up beside him, his head resting on his shoulder, absently tracing circles on his chest. Sherlock hadn’t realized he had moved. Sherlock turns his head and chases John’s mouth, licking inside and tasting himself on his tongue.
John sees the looks. He hears the quiet whispers, spoken behind hands. He accepts the questions asked outright. The well-meaning statements. The well-wishes that are hidden in passive aggressive critique over his chosen partner. Yarders, friends, strangers, all giving him support, advice, because of his choice. His choice to make Sherlock Holmes his partner in all things.
John grasps Sherlock’s hand, intertwining their fingers, and responds with his own weary smile. The touch has provided John with a touchstone, a talisman to hold fast to. A tactile reminder of the here and now. John likens it to a lifeline, a rope tossed to a drowning man, something to pull him out of the depths and into calmer water.
Sherlock tries to get to his feet three times before just succumbing to gravity pulling him down. He crawls over to John, praying the whole time to every deity that he doesn’t believe in that it’s just a graze, just a simple wound and that John, lively, lovely John will be just fine. He hasn’t a clue about Mary, and at the moment he couldn’t care less what happens to her, as long as John is all right. If he isn’t, there will be hell to pay. No force on earth could stop him from ripping her limb from limb.
Sherlock  blanched and looked up. Sure enough, they were standing directly under the ominous plant. Sherlock wondered who placed that particular festive bauble there, as he certainly had nothing to do with it. Mrs. Hudson probably, he surmised, but when he looked back at John, he saw he was looking a bit sheepish.
Another burst hits Sherlock’s stomach and chest, and Sherlock gasps, throwing his head back, and John’s leans forward, the last burst hitting that beautiful neck. John reaches out his other hand to smear his release around Sherlock’s collarbone, the milky white a contrast to the already darkening bruises John had make with his mouth.
“Hmm?” John replied, thumbing through the rest of the paper. “Or we could play a game. Not cluedo though, never again.”
And finally after both men have chased their release and found it in each other, Sherlock’s mind goes blissfully, peacefully blank. And in that moment, Sherlock understands the meaning of
Sherlock turned his head sharply towards John, brow scrunched as he studied him. Apparently finding what he needed, he smiled, rolling on his side to face John. He reached over, taking John’s hand, and placed it on the side of his neck, just above his pulse point. “Then I’ll never leave.”
, he’s honestly not sure what would have come out, a rather fit blond bloke approached Sherlock, leaning down to murmur something only he could hear. Sherlock’s eyes went wide as he scrutinized the man beside him, and John waited for the inevitable put down, a small smile starting to form on his face. But then, the most unusual thing happened. Sherlock took off his coat, and his suit jacket and nodded at the man before turning back to John.
The first text pings his phone as he’s starting the timer, but he ignores it, the reaction he is studying extremely sensitive and he cannot afford to break concentration. The next two come in just after the results are recorded, but still he ignores them, most likely they are from John, reminding him to clean up his mess or something equally droll.
“Wait, what?” Sherlock cut in, raising his head to look at John and narrowing his eyes. “What did you say?”
John leant forward, and Sherlock met him halfway, meeting in a tender kiss. Sherlock sighed, parting his lips, and John immediately pressed in, licking the sound from Sherlock’s mouth.  Sherlock threaded his hands through John’s hair, tilting his head to slot their mouths together, the kiss quickly turning heated, their tongues twirling together. Sherlock finally pulled back when the need to breathe became too great to ignore, resting his forehead against John’s.
Heart unburdened, he unlaces his fingers, straightens up and leaves the room, never hearing the faint whisper of his name from the man in the bed behind him.
“Oh god,” Sherlock groaned, dropping his leg and sitting down cross legged on the tiled floor. He cradled his head in his hands.
Sherlock stepped into the room, her eyes scanning the darkness for the figure of John, and it wasn’t until another whimper echoed in the room that she was able to locate her, huddled in the middle of her bed, wrapped in the duvet. Her body was shivering so violently the entire bed was shaking. Sherlock stepped closer, her hand stretching out to touch John’s shoulder before thinking better of it. John was obviously in the throes of a nightmare, and touching someone with PTSD in that state was not the smartest move. She dropped her hand, slipping it into the pocket of her dressing gown, and stepped up to the edge of the bed.
Sherlock is about to respond, but can only manage a long moan as John bends and takes the head of his cock into his mouth. He rocks his pelvis upwards, but John lays an arm across his hips to hold him down, pressing his tongue to the frenulum and wrapping his other hand around the base. John sets a slow pace, deliberate licks to the head then firmer sucks as he bobs along his length. It’s driving Sherlock crazy. His hands are fisted in the sheets, his thighs trembling where they are pressed against John’s head, the need to thrust overwhelming.
John shifted so he could look at Sherlock. Sherlock’s face was turned away, and what little John could see looked entirely too forlorn for what had just transpired.
John motions for Sherlock to come further into the room. Sherlock complies, closing the door and perching on the edge of John’s bed, turning to face him. He is wearing his pajama bottoms and his ratty t-shirt, blue dressing gown completing the ensemble, hair gloriously mussed. John realizes he must have been asleep as well. He takes a quick peek at his clock, 3:57.
John looked up at him, his eyes tracing over Sherlock’s features. He must have decided something because finally he shrugged, then pressed his shoulders back and out, military stance. John stepped closer, reached his hands up to hold Sherlock’s face, his thumb brushing over one cheekbone. “Happy Christmas, Sherlock,” he whispered, then pressed his lips ever so lightly to Sherlock’s.
Other people couldn’t see beyond the basic function. They saw a chair. A place to sit. With no sentiment to cloud their minds they thought nothing of placing themselves in his spot. Sherlock hated them for it. Even Hudders. Sitting there, the morning of the worst day of his life, prattling on with nonsense.
John is shocked by what the surgeon is telling him. He hadn’t realized it was that close. Mary almost killed him. Another half centimeter, and he’d be dead. He’s also impressed. She really was a good shot, the wound he carries is identical to the one she gave Sherlock.
John leaned back and checked his phone again, even though he realized it was pointless. The thought occurred that he should be calling Mycroft. Sherlock’s mood was a huge red flag and John worried he was up to old habits. On the other hand, if Mycroft got involved it would be blown way out of proportion. John really didn’t want to get in the middle of a sibling rivalry where Mycroft again tried to force Sherlock into rehab, and Sherlock proceeded to hurt himself even more out of misguided spite. And in any regard, it was just one night. Sherlock had promised him after the last time to never let himself get so far gone again. He trusted Sherlock would be smart, would come home and everything would be fine. Or so John told himself. But as one hour stretched into two stretched into five, and the unanswered texts began to pile up, John began to have his doubts.
“Shh, John,” Sherlock murmured, pulling off his cock. “You’re perfect.”  He sank back down, pressing in a third finger beside the first two. The feeling of being full was nearly too much, but at that minute, Sherlock expertly twisted his wrist and rubbed his prostate, John cried out, his back arching of the bed.
Sherlock chuckles, and runs his hands up and down John’s chest, fingernails lightly brushing ribs and grazing peaked nipples. John sucks in a breath, and squeezes Sherlock’s thigh a bit harder, his cock starting to fill as Sherlock’s talented hands move further south. Sherlock pauses, brushing feather light caresses over his lower abdomen, and lower still, swirling through the thick patch of hair covering his groin, a tease of his fingers over the rapidly hardening flesh before trailing back upwards. Sherlock repeats the process, and John squirms, shifting his hips in an attempt to bring his now fully hard cock into contact with Sherlock’s hand. The move presses him closer to Sherlock’s body, and John can feel his own answering erection pressed against the cleft of his arse.
John feels his orgasm building, the combination of his hands and his vivid imagination doing the job to bring him close to the edge. He reaches further back and around, trailing his middle finger down his perineum and circling his hole. He has only done this to himself a couple times, but in his head, it’s Sherlock’s longer fingers teasing, seeking entrance, and god he wants it.
John smiled and leant back in, capturing Sherlock’s lips again. The kiss started chaste and sweet, but Sherlock soon wanted more. More of John, more of everything. She slid her hands under the hem of John’s T-shirt, exploring the soft skin with her fingertips. The kisses turned heated and hungry, their hands roving under clothing, over lush curves, grazing over hips, thighs, bellies.
John decided to take pity on him, and not force him to ask outright. He unfolded his legs and opened his arms, letting out a small ‘oomph’ as his lap was suddenly filled with 183cm of consulting detective. Sherlock curled his frame into the chair, arse resting on John’s thigh and legs folded up between John’s other leg and the arm of the chair. He wrapped his arms around John’s shoulders, burying his face into his neck and breathing deeply. John lifted his arms to wrap around Sherlock’s back, one hand threading through Sherlock’s curls. He lightly scratched Sherlock’s scalp, and Sherlock sighed, melting into his embrace.
John leans down slowly, putting his weight on his forearms and pressing his body impossibly closer to Sherlock’s. He stops just millimeters from Sherlock’s mouth, needing to be absolutely sure before closing this last gap.
Sherlock felt his face flush as John held his stare. He cleared his throat and looked away, breaking the spell, and attempted to get his heart under control.
Molly stepped closer and grabbed Sherlock’s shoulder, giving him a pat. “Just tell him, Sherlock. Tell him that you’re absolutely gone on him, but that yes you’re busy because you’re in the darned show. Then invite him to come kiss you afterwards,” she smirked.
He extended his hand, and Sherlock took it, bringing it to his nose and inhaling its fragrance. He took a deep breath, attempting to keep his smile from growing too far out of control.
“Fuck, Sherlock, fuck, fuck,” John cries as he comes, his release spurting over his fingers to land on Sherlock’s softening prick, his pelvis.
“Fuck, Sherlock, fuck -” John groaned, releasing Sherlock’s sensitive flesh and wrapping the hand still warm with his release around his own cock. “You’re gorgeous, perfect -” John panted his fist moving faster over his length. It only took five or six more strokes before his orgasm barreled down on him, his release shooting over Sherlock’s pelvis, his stomach. He didn’t think he had ever seen a more gorgeous sight. “Christ.” With a groan, John collapsed boneless on top of Sherlock, his arms coming up to cradle his shoulders, Sherlock’s arms wrapping around his waist.
Sherlock rolls over and admires the view as John makes his way out of the bedroom, smiling softly at the events of the last hour or so. John’s voice startles him from his reverie as he calls from the doorway, “If I had known getting caught would inspire this though, I’d have yelled for you a long time ago.” Sherlock can hear John’s giggle follow him down the stairs. He can’t help but join in. They really are a couple of idiots.
John laughs. “Well, I’m glad you put that skill to good use, then.” He looks down at the fetid water swirling around their bodies. “Right now, I observe that we need to get out of this tub.”
Sherlock sprawls on the couch and adjusts himself through his swim trunks, letting out a soft moan at the pressure against his aching cock. He palms himself more firmly, as images of warm, wet skin invade his mind. He wonders, if he were to press his lips to John’s, would he taste like the sea itself? Would Sherlock be able to pull the sunlight through his flesh, taste it on his tongue? He’d like to start with that one drop. That irritating invader, suck it out of John’s navel, press himself closer and devour him, bit by bit, drop by drop.
. Or the water, or the mass amounts of boisterous youths prowling around that are truly the most annoying to Sherlock. No all those he could be given to tolerate. What is truly driving Sherlock out of his mind is John himself. The man simply insists upon stripping his clothes off and going swimming and leisurely lying in the sun. And every day, John’s skin is getting more and more tan, causing the sun to glisten off his body just so, and Sherlock is going out of his mind with a desire so strong it has completely caught him off guard. Day after day he sits in the chair under the umbrella reading the apiologist text he brought, and tries to keep his mind on bees. Instead it wanders to taut stomachs, lean backs, and a lush arse that frankly should be illegal. He’s trying to keep his desires under control, keep John from learning of his baser thoughts, but it is becoming increasingly difficult with the man in question looking so unrepentantly edible. So far the only things keeping him from making a complete fool of himself is the fact that John is blissfully unobservant, and that beach towels hide a multitude of sins, not the least of which are inconvenient erections.
“Mmm.” Sherlock rubbed his nose under John’s ear, pressing his lips to that spot that always made him shiver. John sighed. “I wanted to kill the bastard,” Sherlock growled in a low voice.
A full forty-five minutes, two scrubs and a thorough rinse later, Sherlock finally emerged, pink-cheeked and clad in dressing gown, feather soft T-shirt, and threadbare pajama bottoms that allowed a tantalizing display of his hipbones. John gave him a quick kiss before taking his turn in the shower, daydreaming about miles of milky white skin, storm grey eyes, and sinful lips wrapped prettily around his cock. He wrapped a palm around his burgeoning erection, and let his fantasies build, there was so much they hadn’t explored yet, so much John wanted to do for Sherlock, so many ways and places he wanted to worship him, to taste him, to have him. He abruptly pulled his hand away and leaned his head against the shower wall when he realized how close he was getting.
Sherlock turned his head to the side. “Gavin is being useless. He says to stop calling him or the Met will be solving MY murder.”
“Hmm, well. It’s my turn now.” John maneuvers them, pushes Sherlock until his back slams against the sitting room wall. John bites down hard where Sherlock’s neck meets the shoulder, and worries the skin with his tongue, sucking a bruise into his pale flesh. Sherlock keens and tilts his head to the side to give John better access. He snakes his hands around John’s hips, grabbing his arse and pulling him flush against his pelvis, desperate to feel friction on his cock.
“Thought you might.” Sherlock whirls around at the sound of John’s voice echoing in the flat. He’d been so intent on his phone, he hadn’t heard him enter.
John chuckles around him, the vibration sending sparks shooting up his spine. John pulls off, stroking him firmly with one hand while he grabs the bottle of lube with the other. “I’ve dreamed of this Sherlock. So many times. I’m going to savour this.” John slicks his fingers and slides them down, past Sherlock’s balls, over his perineum, teasing at the crack. John watches Sherlock as he pauses, all the while continuing to pump his cock with the other hand. “Yeah?”
The silence stretched into minutes before Sherlock finally answered. “I know what you’re thinking. I didn’t. I came close. I walked some old routes, trying to clear the image of you, your blood, everything from my mind. The only thing I could think about was ‘what if it had been worse?’ John I -- I promised you when we started this that I’d never leave you again, but we never talked about you leaving. I can’t go back to life without you in it.”
Sherlock starts to explain, it’s clear he wants John to leave. Typical, John thinks, the bloody sod trying to play the hero, do everything on his own. John’s had enough of his lies, his half truths, his games.
“I believe it’s my go. Your next command?” Sherlock asks. John pulls his gaze away from the expanse of thigh in front of him, trailing his eyes up Sherlock’s lean frame to his face. He reaches out and spins the disk and gives Sherlock the next move, and doesn’t miss the ripple that goes down that body at his words. Left hand yellow, and they are both crouched, firmly in one another’s space now.
“John,” she cried, her hands instinctively coming up to tangle in John’s hair, silky blond strands sliding though her fingers.
Holmes makes a small sound in his sleep that scares me from my thoughts, and as I watch, he begins to slump over in his seat. He is threatening to tumble forwards, which would provide a humorous vision, to be sure, but he needs this chance to rest. Swiftly I am on my feet and move to his side of the car, pressing my body close into his, using my weight to hold him in his place. Even in his state he senses my presence, that brilliant mind never quenched. He shifts ever so slightly towards me, laying his head to rest on my shoulder.
“Hmm, perhaps.” Sherlock leaned down and pressed their mouths together again. After several minutes of this, he broke the kiss to look down at John with a smirk on his face and a mischievous twinkle in his eyes.
“Hey. Just a suggestion.” She gave him another pat before moving away to pick up her bag. “I gotta run, but just think about it, okay? Tell him.”
Did I shock you? Would it shock you further to know that there were many nights, John, where my thoughts of you forced me to take myself in hand, imagining it was your fingers stroking across my length, your mouth on my skin, wringing the pleasure from my body? I would try to be so quiet, when really I wanted to moan, to beg, to cry, to scream. Your name a benediction, a prayer falling from my lips. But I couldn’t let you hear. I was afraid. What would you have done I wonder, if you had heard. Would you have joined me? Let me show you how much I worship you, body and soul? Or would you have run?
“Six months, my brother estimates. He is never wrong.” I couldn’t meet your eyes on that. Did you see? I couldn’t keep the waver out of my voice, try as I might. I didn’t want to alarm you, never, but did you hear? Did you?
“Yes, John,” Sherlock replies, face gone slightly pink. Perhaps from the cold, but more likely from the praise, even after all these years.
Sherlock’s mouth is relentless, trailing open-mouthed kisses up John’s jaw to his ear and sucking on the earlobe. John groans and shifts his lower body slightly so he is lying fully between Sherlock’s spread thighs. The move brings their groins into alignment and both men moan with the sensation.
, John thinks, as he follows Sherlock into the shower. But whether it was his or Sherlock’s doesn’t really matter. All it took in the end was someone to put one foot forward.
Just then, blondie grabbed Sherlock and pressed their bodies flush together, causing Sherlock to freeze and struggle a bit, and John saw red. He pushed off the bar and stalked across the floor grabbing the blonde wanker by the collar of his tank top and practically throwing him off of Sherlock. The man had at least two stone on him, but John had anger and a healthy dose of barely-contained jealousy on his side, and one look at his face and blondie scurried off. John turned around to find Sherlock staring down at him, a mixture of confusion and something else John couldn’t read on his face.
Sherlock’s lips gave the tiniest twitch at that, but he still didn’t turn his head. “No. Not tonight. Before. For...leaving. Bart’s, Magnussen, Mary, the plane. All of it. I’m sorry.”
John pressed open mouthed kisses to Sherlock’s collarbone, biting gently, and Sherlock moaned, arching his neck to encourage more of John’s explorations. John moved lower, flicking his tongue to taste his neck, sucking lightly at his suprasternal notch. Sherlock groaned and grasped John more firmly, dipping his head to recapture those wandering lips. There was nothing chaste about this one, it was hot and hungry, and Sherlock felt he was being devoured, arousal beginning to pool hot and heavy in his groin.
John hitched his legs higher around Sherlock’s waist, Sherlock’s hands helping to hold them in place as he began to slowly sink in. Inch by inch, John could feel Sherlock sinking into him, and when he finally was fully seated, John sighed. It was perfect.
Sherlock froze, his breathing momentarily ceasing at what he had just heard. He quickly turned his head, hiding his eyes from John, as he attempted to clamp down on the rising panic flooding through his system.
Sherlock wants to protest, he belongs with John. What if John opens his eyes? He needs to know Sherlock is there. He needs to make sure that John will be okay. But the medic is slamming the door shut in his face, the ambulance pulling away, and he has no choice but to turn towards the car, opening the back door and folding himself into the backseat.
Then Sherlock is falling, falling from the sky like some dark angel, his coat billowing out like a storm cloud, too fast. John is trying to reach him, trying to stop him, trying to make him see. You're not a machine, Sherlock. Please don’t, please. Please don’t leave me….
John was losing his own composure, he rocked his hips into the sofa, desperate for friction on his aching cock. He moaned around Sherlock’s erection, and suddenly the hands on his shoulders became more insistent.
Sherlock gave a tight laugh. In his opinion, that pretty much answered his question. But then John, lovely John, had surprised him.
Sherlock groaned, and John could feel his cock twitch where it lay trapped between their bodies. “Yes, that,” he breathed.
“Jo-” He shoves two fingers in his mouth, sucking hard to keep from calling out the name that is on the tip of his tongue. He moans around the digits, lifting his hips to fuck into the tight circle of his fist. He is so close, his orgasm pressing closer with each thrust.
The show was a rousing success. Sherlock stood in the wings and listened as Molly took her bow, then joined the rest of the cast on the stage to take their final curtain call. His eyes scanned the crowd looking for blond hair and the face he’d come to know so well, though he knew it was pointless, he couldn’t see anything with the bright lights shining in his eyes. He bowed for the final time and moved off stage, heading to the dressing room.
Because John is sure of two things. One: that was the best orgasm he has had in a long while. And two: he is pretty sure he screamed Sherlock’s name as he came.
“John!” Sherlock is lost in sensation. John’s hot mouth working him while his finger plunges in and out of his arse. His skin is on fire, his orgasm building like a crescendo. John slips a second finger beside the first and the burn only adds to the pleasure, Sherlock crying out for more. John curls his fingers, rubbing against his prostate, and Sherlock can’t hold back anymore.
This was no chaste touch, no tender press of skin, Sherlock kissed him like his life depended on it, immediately licking into John’s mouth, sweeping away any resistance John may have given. Not that he was much inclined to provide any. John did his best to keep up, opening his mouth to Sherlock’s explorations, and attempting to pour his reassurance into every slide of tongue, every nip of teeth. Sherlock pressed closer, rolling John onto his back, and covering him from head to toe, plundering his mouth again and again. John groaned when he felt Sherlock’s hardness rub against his own and wrapped one leg around his slim hip to increase the friction. Even through two layers it felt amazing.
John sighed in satisfied contentment as Sherlock wrapped his arms around him and pulled him close, his fingers drawing circles on the planes of his back. “Where did you go tonight?” He whispered, pressing a chaste kiss to Sherlock’s chest.
The door opens and Dr Oberhauer peeks his head in, “I’m sorry Mr Holmes, time is up,” he says kindly. “You can visit again once he is in his room.”
“What? What does my name have to do with-” oh. OH. John realized that not only had he been using a few choice words, apparently his rarely seen Scottish brogue had made an appearance. The accent he usually was successful at keeping under wraps, except when he is dead on his feet. Living in England for so long had nearly eradicated it, so it took extreme situations to bring it out. Situations like walking into utter bedlam caused by a gorgeous genius. A genius who was currently flushed to his roots. John had to laugh. It appeared Sherlock may be interested in this hidden side of John, and he decided to take advantage.
“Yes, fuck yes -” John stopped breathing as a third digit was slid in next to the first two, the feeling of being filled almost overwhelming.
“Touch me, please, John, just- ohhh.” Sherlock arches his back, his hips rolling instinctively to press himself further into John’s hand where it is curled around his cock. John wastes no time, stroking him hard and fast, obviously understanding how close he is, and Sherlock is grateful. John reaches down with his other hand, kneading the rounded globe of Sherlock’s arse and sucks hard at a pulse point, and that pulls him over the edge, his vision going white around the edges as he shoots his release between their bodies. He’s dimly aware that he is chanting John’s name over and over,  but couldn’t possibly care less. Judging by the soft kisses and chuckles being pressed into his skin, John doesn’t seem to mind either.
-------------------------------------------------++++++-----------------------------------------------------------
What he saw when he glanced at John momentarily took his breath away. He was standing behind his chair, hands rested on the top, a small smile playing on his features. He looked gorgeous in the flickering mix of fairy and firelight. But it was his face that gave Sherlock pause. John was watching him with an expression so unguarded, so soft, it made Sherlock’s heart lurch.
“Play ‘God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen!’” Greg yelled, lifting his goblet toward Sherlock. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Indeed,” Sherlock breathed, placing his hand over John’s where it rested high on his thigh. John could feel the muscles flex under his skin, and John had to pause for a minute to adjust himself in his  jeans, Sherlock tracing the movement with barely contained heat in his eyes. Sherlock slid his hand over to John’s thigh and walked his graceful fingers up the denim, brushing lightly over his straining erection, that damnable smirk playing on his lips. John moaned quietly, his hips shifting of their own accord, pressing his clothed cock into Sherlock’s palm. He glanced towards the front of the cab, but the driver luckily couldn’t see, the mirror angle all wrong. Still, John had never wanted a cab ride over faster in his life.
Once inside, Sherlock pushed John back on the bed then stipped his pants off and crawled over him, pressing kisses to John’s chest and neck. John grabbed Sherlock and pulled him down, needing friction on his aching cock. He let out a moan of pure desire and delight at the feel of Sherlock’s body pressed along his own. God, how had he imagined this. But he wanted to see him. Quickly, John planted one foot on the bed and flipped them over, swallowing Sherlock’s “oof” of surprise, and settled himself between his spread thighs. He leaned up on his elbows and let his eyes wander over Sherlock, his hair splayed across the pillow, a beautiful flush spreading over that pale skin, eyes blown wide with arousal, and John’s heart clenched at the sight. He was perfect.
The profanity made John’s arousal pitch even higher. Of the two of them, Sherlock was not the swearer, that title belonged solely to himself. So to reduce this man to such profane depths was powerful and heady, and John wanted more. He pushed up, and captured Sherlock’s mouth in a searing kiss, sweeping his tongue inside. Sherlock moaned, his lips moving restlessly with John’s, desperate and hot, his hips shifting and rolling, as he rubbed their erections against one another.
Keeping one hand on his cock, Sherlock shifted to press a tender kiss to John’s left thigh, directly above the bandage covering his wound. The sweet gesture nearly did John in. “John, let me? Please?”
Mary levels the gun coolly at Sherlock, this time aiming for his forehead. That won’t do, he’d planned for another chest wound, the kevlar heavy where it rests under his suit. A head shot would be most...unfortunate. Still, Mycroft would protect John. He’d promised.
Taking pity on her, John hooked her fingers under the waistband of Sherlock’s panties and slid them down her legs and off, before settling back between her thighs. The first gentle press of John’s fingers to Sherlock’s bare skin caused Sherlock to cry out, back arching, hips instinctively seeking more.
“I could ask you the same.” John turns and meets Sherlock’s eyes, and what Sherlock sees makes his stomach twist. John is angry. Deadly angry. And not entirely only at Mary it seems. John turns back towards Mary, fixing her with a sneer.
John rolls over to his back, groaning when he realizes he is hard, his erection impressively tenting his pyjamas. Easy to understand, the dream been so realistic. Miles of pale skin under his lips, that long, lean body laid out like a feast below him, inky curls spread like a halo on the white pillowcase. Those pale eyes heavy lidded and narrowed in pleasure as John sucks marks into the alabaster flesh of that sinful neck. And christ the sounds. In his mind, low moans intermixed with his name falling from those perfect lips.
Mary pauses for just  a moment, head tilted to the side, like a thought has just occurred to her. “Do you know why this was so easy? Because of you. You broke him, you know. Poor broken John. It was so simple to move in and be what he needed. To manipulate him to do whatever I wanted. You ran off and died and left him grieving for you, and I was there to pick up the pieces. And I’ll do it again. Only,” she smiles, that calculating smile that makes Sherlock’s skin crawl, “You won’t be coming back this time. Goodbye, Sherlock.”
. It was John’s. It was his essence, his permanence in the flat, in the home he shared with Sherlock. It was his place of being, of belonging. Even after two years away, Sherlock could still smell John on the fabric. The faintest trace of his shampoo leaching into the upholstery, a whiff of gun oil on the Union Jack pillow. On days when the loneliness became too much to bear, when the voices wouldn’t quiet, Sherlock would curl his long legs into that chair and inhale, and suddenly he could think again.
They both moved together further into the kitchen, John pausing to place his goblet down on the table. “Would you rather I asked everyone to leave? We could put something on the telly. I’m sure there’s a Christmas movie on somewhere.”
All these things John could tell them, and more. But he doesn’t owe anyone any explanations. So as he watches out of the corner of his eye as Sherlock prances around the crime scene, Belstaff flowing like a cape, deductions flying from his lips, he can see the whisperers warming up. Sherlock makes his final deduction, hurling a scathing retort to the newest forensic officer, and yes, there it is.
At the same time, the two were getting closer than ever. Nights were frequently passed in each other’s company, John wrangling Sherlock into watching some insipid Christmas movie with him. Last night, Sherlock had been so tired, he’d tried to beg off, actually get some sleep, but John had trained those midnight blue eyes on his, blinking at him from under those ridiculously long lashes, and said “please” and that was all it took for Sherlock to find himself curled on one end of the sofa, John on the other. Of course, he doesn’t remember much of the movie, but he does remember waking up, blanket tucked in to his chin, and a pillow resting under his head.
“I brought takeaway. Thai,” he said, eyes sparkling. He was flushed from the cold air, cheeks red and hair windblown, and Sherlock’s pulse immediately took notice to his arrival.
“You said my name,” he whispers before closing the distance and pressing his lips to John’s. Considering the situation they find themselves in, the kiss is comical in its chasteness. Just a press of lips, Sherlock’s hands grasping John’s shoulders lightly. For a second, John freezes under his lips, and Sherlock thinks he’s made a big mistake. Maybe John prefers to keep things in the realm of fantasy, preferring not to cross the line. He starts to pull back, to retreat, when suddenly it is as if a switch is flipped. John fists his hands in Sherlock’s hair, scratching his scalp lightly, and Sherlock gasps, opening his mouth to allow John’s tongue to sweep inside. Sherlock moans, grabbing onto John’s biceps, as the kiss turns hot and wet, their tongues sliding against one another’s.
“Hmm. Quite. Excuse me, please.” He extricated himself from John’s grasp and quickly strode to his room, shutting the door and throwing himself on his bed. He was grateful the tears decided to hold off until he was alone.
John was so lost in his fantasies of how the rest of the night was going to go that he completely missed the thumb’s up that Sherlock threw blondie as they rushed through the club door.
John tries to motion with his right hand towards his torso, but at that moment, he seizes up, back arching, as a great cry bubbles from his lips. Sherlock grabs the lapels of John’s jacket, ripping open the buttons in his haste to see what is causing this reaction. He throws the jacket away from John’s body, straining his eyes to see any injuries. What he sees causes his blood to run cold.  Spreading outwards at an alarming rate, a dark vivid stain is creeping across John’s chest. Sherlock reaches down and begins unbuttoning John’s cardigan, his shirt, all the while trying to stop his hands from trembling. Parting the sides of John’s clothing with great care, he sees the wound. Ironically, it is in near the same spot he carries his own. How fitting, she shot them both in the heart.
“John, please. Don’t leave me. Please. Hold on. I know you can. You were a soldier, you’re the bravest man I’ve ever known, and the strongest. Please.” He’s babbling, constant streams of begging prose falling from his lips. He’s never begged before today, but now he’d give anything to take back the last half hour. Sherlock raises one hand to stroke John’s face, traces a finger across the tanned expanse of jaw and cheekbone, to those lovely eyelashes, butterfly kisses of touch that he never had the chance to indulge in before now. Before it was too late.
Sherlock had barely acknowledged John’s presence the entire car ride back to Baker Street, directing most of his attention to the window. John, on the other hand, had been intent on him, his eyes trailing over his face, his body, watching for any sign that Sherlock was about to succumb to the drugs he had taken. He could feel Mary’s stare on him the whole time, watching hotly through the passenger visor mirror, angled into the backseat. John wanted to scream. He thought he’d have a chance to talk with Sherlock as soon as they made it back to the flat, but again, Sherlock had other ideas. Unfolding himself from the back of the car, he all but slammed the door shut in John’s face, whispered a terse, “I’ll be in touch, be safe”. Then he was gone.
John turned in Sherlock’s arms, brushing curls off his brow. His eyes glowed in the moonlight, shining with the same intensity from earlier: anger mixed with sadness in equal measure. “I’m fine,” he repeated, pressing a chaste kiss to Sherlock’s jaw.
Sherlock can remember with vivid clarity the night he came back from the ‘dead’, the reception he’d received at John’s hands. He’d expected gratitude. Happiness, maybe even excitement at his return. A bit of awe perhaps, at his clever plan to outsmart the criminal genius. Instead, he’d received fists. Pain and blood, and the knowledge that he’d been replaced. Watching John with Mary had taken something inside of Sherlock and twisted it, a feeling which up until that moment Sherlock had heard ordinary people mention but had never experienced himself. But watching John walk away, while he stayed behind, standing on that sidewalk, holding the jagged edges of his split lip together, Sherlock could name it - heartbreak. It wasn’t just the loss of John as a flatmate, but that something more that always seemed to frisson under the surface, the something Sherlock wasn’t even sure he understood, but which he keenly missed. Even when John forgave him, and Sherlock set about planning the perfect wedding for him, there was still a puzzle piece missing, something that didn’t seem to fit. Sherlock was so intent to make himself fit into John’s new life, he was willing to quiet his suspicions about Mary, about the fact he couldn’t fully read her. In retrospect, he wishes he had spoken up sooner. Saved themselves all this time. Saved himself the small scar he was sporting under his Belstaff, below his heart. A scar it appears Mary is intent on replicating.
Mycroft reaches down and retrieves the weapon, slipping it into his own overcoat. “Sherlock, you have to let go.”
John’s smile could have rivaled the sun. She pressed a chaste kiss to Sherlock’s inner thigh. “Thank you,” she whispered between kisses. “For staying.”
Sherlock eases off, pressing light kisses to each arse cheek, tracing his lips upward over every spinal joint, over collarbones and jawbones, until he reaches John’s ear. He sucks the lobe into his mouth, swirling that filthy tongue around the tip before nibbling gently.
It was late as John climbed the seventeen steps to the sitting room the night he returned to Baker Street. He paused in the doorway, looking at Sherlock across the room, as if asking permission. Was he still welcome?
Sherlock and John just stood there, seemingly frozen. Sherlock was desperately trying to think of a way out of this. There was no way he could kiss John, even a small kiss, and not have him know immediately how he felt. Sherlock could lie, and fake and sham, but there was no way he could hide this.
Needing to feel his lips again, John tugged on Sherlock’s hair, relishing his moan at that, and pulled him up, slamming their mouths back together. John gave as good as he was getting, eagerly stroking Sherlock’s tongue with his own, and sucking on that frankly gorgeous bottom lip. Sherlock broke away panting and leaned back, removing his shirt and trousers. (No pants, the vain hussy.) John admired the efficient striptease, his legs spread and bent, one hand cupping himself through his pants.
John can’t help but laugh, too worn out to be upset at the fact that he’ll be spectacularly late to work now. But he will definitely have something to think about.  How best to repay a certain Consulting Detective when he gets home.
He speeds his movements a bit, adding a twist at the end that has him gasping. His other hand is caressing his skin, running over his chest, his stomach, rolling his nipples between his fingers and pulling. In his mind he can imagine John above him, his cock filling Sherlock’s mouth. He wants to learn every facet of John’s taste, hear every sound he can coax out of his lips. He wonders if John would want it softer, or if he’d take control, grab his hair and use his willing mouth, let Sherlock swallow him down. The thought pushes him closer to the edge, the familiar tightening building in his belly. He throws his head back and lets out a loud breathy moan, his hand tugging faster and harder along his length.
“Yes, John, yes.” Sherlock practically yelled, not even sure what she was agreeing to just that she wanted it.
“Sherlock?” John’s voice has gone deep and gravely, and he leans toward where Sherlock is still lying prone on the couch. He is close enough that Sherlock can see the moisture clinging to his skin, and his arousal flares to life again, his need making it difficult to breathe. “God, Sherlock, can I -”
“M’glad you’re ok. Sorry.” John says faintly, and his eyes fall shut. Distantly, he can feel Sherlock press around him, huddle closer. He wants to move, to tell him it’ll be ok, he’s safe now, but he can’t lift his arms. Sherlock is muttering, whispering curses. John is fading, he’s pretty sure he’s slipping into a dream. It has to be a dream. The pain is nearly gone, his body numb. The feeling of being nestled in Sherlock’s arms, his lap, is pure bliss. If it is a dream, it’s the best he’s ever known, because he swears he just heard something he’d never imagined falling from Sherlock’s lips. He definitely knows he’s dying now. His brain is just trying to send him off with a beautiful image. His subconscious desires making themselves known in his last moments. He supposes he’ll accept. It’s not like Sherlock could ever really love him.
Sherlock raised up on her elbows to look down at John sprawled between her thighs. She looked so gorgeous, flushed and sweaty, her hair a riotous mess from Sherlock’s fingers. “So are you, John. You’re transcendent.”
John smiled, crawling up Sherlock’s body and straddling her hips. She dipped her head, capturing Sherlock’s lips, tongue coming out to slide against Sherlock’s own. Sherlock could taste herself in John’s mouth, and it made her moan, the desire starting to build in her again. She slid her hands under John’s shirt, the feel of her skin intoxicating under her fingers. She’d never done this before, but suddenly she wanted to make John feel as incredible as she had. Sherlock pulled back, looking at John from under her lashes.
True, the last case had been a doozy. A serial murderer that had led them a merry chase for nearly four weeks before he finally was captured. And in that four week period, Sherlock had barely eaten or slept, riveted and determined as he was on the puzzle in front of him, much to John’s dismay. After the case ended, he had climbed into his bed only to emerge a full 18 hours later, looking no better off. It was at that point John made the case for the holiday. Too tired and uninterested to care, Sherlock had let John do all the planning. Not to mention the packing. Which is how he found himself in his current situation, without a say in where they had ended up. John chose it based on what he liked.
“Hold on,” John reaches for the spinner, brushing Sherlock’s abdomen as he goes, eliciting a tiny gasp from Sherlock. The spin calls for right hand red, which from Sherlock’s current position would be quite a feat, on all fours with an army doctor draped over his back. But John should have learned long ago not to underestimate Sherlock Holmes.
Sighing, he washed off his stage makeup and packed up his bag, schooling his features to go and join the cast. A knock on the door broke him from his thoughts. He must’ve been in here longer than he’d thought.
But this time, the flesh is warm and pliant under his fingertips, the pulse jumping as he trails his digits over it. His eyes fly open to find Sherlock’s, soft and intent, watching him. Sherlock turns his wrist and grips John’s hand where it rests between them on the double bed, a shy smile lighting his features.
Sherlock hums and wraps his arms around John’s torso, leaning down to press his lips behind John’s ear. “Love you too.”
“John, listen to me,” Sherlock starts, sliding his eyes to Mary, “now is not the time, we can discuss things later. But you need to leave. Now.”
, this is what he had been waiting for, hoping for. And it is incredible. John can only think that he needs more, now. Below him, Sherlock is trembling with the strain of staying suspended, arms and legs shaking.
“Well, all I can say is, Sherlock, that they are bloody idiots, and had no clue what they were missing. You were incredible out there tonight. Amazing. Absolutely brilliant.”
“You told him you knew. You told him I was in that warehouse, and you let him walk in there, unprotected?” Sherlock asks, suddenly angry. At Mycroft, at Mary, at himself, for allowing things to get this far.
John took another sip of scotch, and thumbed through his contacts, finding Mycroft’s number. Maybe he could simply ask him to trace Sherlock’s phone, just find out where he was? With a sigh, he pressed the button to shut off the screen. Sherlock was an adult. He was fine. He probably just needed space. Worried but weary, John decided there was no point in staying up half the night waiting for him to return. He heaved himself out of his chair and climbed the stairs to his room. And as the events of the day caught up to him, he fell into a restless sleep.
“Well, I play logically. If I were a real captain, and people were bombing my ships, I’d adjust my coordinates. It’s called strategy.”
Mary eyes John speculatively, crossing her arms in front of her, and resting the gun on the opposite forearm. Her finger is still hovering over the trigger, still dangerous, but Sherlock is relieved to see she is no longer pointing it in his direction. Or for that matter, in John’s.
John is struggling to come to terms with what he sees in front of him. Sherlock in danger. Held at gunpoint by his wife. His lying, treacherous wife. Why did he ever think he could trust her? Oh, right. A glance at Sherlock reminds him. It was his idea, his brilliant plan. Sherlock urged him to forgive, to trust, to return to her side. And John, ever loyal, always did things Sherlock’s way. So he had. He forgave and believed her when she said she’d given it all up, turned over a new leaf. Or maybe he’d just wanted to believe. Sherlock had seemed so convinced that they could trust her; he accepted it but secretly hoped that it wouldn’t be permanent. He didn’t think his resolve could hold out forever. Not even Sherlock could convince John to fall back in love with a cold-blooded murderer.
As the two men sway together alone on the dance floor, they both can’t help thinking about the road they’ve taken to get where they are. Full of twists and turns, and bumps, but they have finally found the way forward, together.
Sherlock feels the body in his arms go limp. The heartbeat beneath his fingertips is slowing where he is applying pressure. His blue scarf is nearly purple, stained and wet with John’s blood. Sherlock knows that paramedics have been called, no doubt thanks to Mycroft, he can hear the sirens in the distance getting closer, can hear Mycroft’s men surrounding them. He’s grateful for his brother’s influence, for once, because he doesn’t want to let go of the man in his arms. Not ever.
Sherlock practically screamed as he came, and the sound went straight to John’s groin, ratcheting up his already intense arousal. As Sherlock slumped, boneless after his orgasm, John fisted his own cock, faster, replaying each gorgeous sound that he’d coaxed from those sinful lips.
Sherlock’s eyes go wide at the command, but he hastens to comply, stripping off his t-shirt and throwing it across the room. His pajama pants follow, kicked off in the direction of the couch. Sherlock is gloriously bare, and just as beautiful as John had imagined in all his many fantasies. He looks his fill, drinking in lean abs and long legs, sinewy muscles and creamy skin.
The slide was easier now, they were both close and leaking, the change in angle a delicious ecstasy.  Sherlock knew he wasn’t going to hold out much longer. He tightened his grip, and John’s rhythm faltered, he bit down hard on Sherlock’s collarbone as he came, his come spurting between them and coating Sherlock’s hand and belly.
My mind is on fire. I should be focusing on what lies ahead. On what I need to do to survive. Return. As if that were likely. Even with my full attention, balance of probability says I will not be finding my way home this time. That this is the last adventure I will undertake. You’d hate that idea if you knew. Do you know? Do you understand what I’d meant, what I was trying so desperately to convey? Do you realize that there are no more miracles present in this transport, that my chances have all been used up?
Sherlock makes his way to the theatre, flipping down his coat collar on the way, and fluffing up his hair. He’ll try for non-threatening first, if he can help it, see if that will get him the answers he needs. Try to be a little less the arse with the ridiculous cheekbones and turned up collar. Memories of John in Dartmoor temporarily make him pause, a small smile playing at the corners  of his mouth. He shakes his head and continues on, eventually reaching the information desk.
“John,” Sherlock panted as he finally sank all the way in, sucking hard on the side of his neck. “You feel amazing.”
“Sleep, Sherlock. I’ll wake you when we arrive.” I press a small kiss, just a brush of my lips across his brow, and he nestles closer, wrapping his hand around mine.
Sherlock takes a drag of the cigarette, puffing the smoke out though this lips. “Why? What was John doing there? You promised to keep him away.”
The next time he awakes he’s not sure where he is. Hospital, surely, but it’s not the dull roar of the A&E surrounding him, or the thrum of the trama unit. He’s already been admitted then. Blinking his eyes open the first thing he registers is the beeping of the monitors. The steady tones are a break from the dull hum of the fluorescent lights glowing overhead. He looks to his left, noting the myriad of equipment monitoring all his vitals. Blood pressure, oxygen, heart rate. He’s pleased to note they all appear normal. He tries to sit up a bit, but a sharp pain stops him. He looks down at his body and the bandage wrapped around his chest. Surgery then. He wonders how bad the damage is and how soon he can get out of this place. For a doctor, he really hates hospitals.
Sherlock’s face breaks into a soft smile as he folds himself into the visitors chair. “Hi,” he whispers back.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but couldn’t help but smile. He liked Molly Hooper, his dance partner, currently dancing the Sugar Plum Fairy. Besides John, she was the closest thing he had to a true friend, which was good because he supposed anyone else would have killed him by now for his perfectionist ways.
“He stabbed you.” The arm across his stomach squeezed a little tighter, those long fingers rubbing a circle around his navel through his T-Shirt.
Clearing his throat, he focused on the screen, telling John all about Clara and the clockmaker, and the gift of the Nutcracker. He told him about the Mouse King and the Land of Sweets and the beautiful Sugar Plum Fairy. He realized belatedly that he’d been talking for a while, and John hadn’t responded, and when he looked over, he discovered why. John was fast asleep, his head resting on the back of the couch and snoring lightly. Sherlock wanted to be angry, but he couldn’t help but think that a sleeping John was one of the most adorable things he’d ever seen. He’d shut the TV off, tucked the blanket more firmly around John, and slipped off to his own room.
“Oh god,” Sherlock shuddered, her head falling back. John’s mouth, her tongue, was driving her insane, and if this was only the beginning…
Sherlock trails his fingers over John’s hand, over his wrist, up his forearms, before slowly trailing back down to grasp his hand again. He can remember the first time they’d held hands, running through the streets, two fugitives against the world. He entwines their fingers, staring at the contrast between long and short, pale and tanned. He wishes John would wake up, make some snide comment about the two of them holding hands like a pair of teenagers on a date.
“Loud? I could have - ah - heard you at - oh - Barts,” Sherlock pants, as John bites down hard on his collarbone. “I just didn’t realize you thought of me, when you -”
“John,” Sherlock whined, wiggling his hips in an attempt to speed him up. John, however, would not be rushed.
John sunk down farther, taking Sherlock fully into his mouth, his tongue teasing his frenulum and swirling at the tip. He slipped off, giving teasing kitten licks down the shaft, until he could suck one of Sherlock’s testicles into his mouth tenderly, then the other. Reversing course, he took Sherlock back into his mouth, hollowing his cheeks, and moving up and down slowly, following the motion of Sherlock’s body as he rocked, moans and whimpers escaping his throat. He set a rhythm, bobbing his head, taking him in as far as he could, while using his hand to reach the rest, and Sherlock was quickly falling apart; actively tugging at John’s hair, grasping his shoulder, his toes rubbing John’s ribs, as John relentlessly pulled pleasure from his body.
John bounded up the seventeen steps to the flat, angrily stomping his way into the door, and flinging his sodden coat onto the floor. He’d deal with that another time. Right now-
Sherlock sighs. It appears as if unthreatening is not going to work tonight. Ok, then. “Holmes. Good. That will give you plenty of time to call and check on your boyfriend.”
John’s eyes snapped open to find Sherlock looking down at him, those eyes filled with both simmering desire and something else so potent, something so raw that John forgot how to breathe. Sherlock loved him, and was comforting him, protecting him, knowing that John needed this to reassure himself that Sherlock was here. Alive. Whole. His. Like letting John take his pulse, Sherlock was using his body to prove to him that he was not going anywhere. The thought was so powerful that John couldn’t stop his orgasm from crashing over him, his vision going white as he came, his release shooting hot and heavy between their joined bodies, Sherlock’s name falling from his lips.
He lets his head fall back and replays the last memories he has. He remembers entering the warehouse, Sherlock trying desperately to get him to leave, Mary throwing mocking insults in his direction. Mycroft arriving, a gunshot, Sherlock sprawled across the floor, Mary collapsed. He can remember the pain, and then a blissful numbness that seeped through his body. And he can remember the feel of laying in Sherlock’s lap, the warmth surrounding him. Sherlock’s hands on him, applying pressure to the wound. His eyes...
The last image pushes John over the edge, with a loud cry he thrusts hard into his fist, his release spurting hot onto his belly, his whole body quivering with pleasure as the aftershocks race through him. Slowly he comes back down to earth, his breath slowing, every muscle in his body feeling as if he has run a marathon. He reaches over the side of the bed to grab his discarded pants and clean up, before deciding it is a lost cause and he is better off showering instead, the mix of come and lube too much. He climbs out of bed and throws on a pair of clean pants, all the while hoping that Sherlock really was out of the flat.
“So, you have thing for the Scots, do you?” He asked, threading his fingers through those curls he’d always longed to touch.
Sherlock ponders the position they currently are in. Mycroft is unaccountably late, and despite his best efforts he is starting to become a bit worried. He’d assumed Mary was working alone. The ruse that Jim was alive was enough to draw her out. It was easy enough to fake communication with her, put pressure on her to deliver on old contracts, notably the one on his own life. Sherlock and Mycroft could find no trace of any partners or any communication with any other people, save for David Nelson. But that contact proved to be nothing more than an ordinary affair, common adultery. David was certainly no criminal mastermind, and nothing in his history brooked any concern, so Sherlock had quickly dismissed him as an accomplice. Could he have overlooked something, some detail, some other person assisting in her schemes?
Sherlock smiled at that, and in the streaming moonlight it made him look younger and vulnerable somehow. John felt something in his chest expand and spread throughout his body. “Come here,” he whispered, shimmying out of his own pants and tossing them aside.
Two minutes. It feels like longer. Every second feels like a year. Every minute a lifetime. I’d never realized what it meant to miss someone. Truly, I’d never had anyone to miss before. Before you. Before you limped into that lab at Barts. Did you know how quickly you enraptured me, John? Did you? Most people I can look at and know their history, their wants, needs, desires in the space of a heartbeat. You were different. I could see you, yes, but I actually
I can still see her. Her coat is the color of the fire that dances in my veins when I look at you. It is like a taunting reminder of unquenched desire. At least for me. I don’t like her, John. Would that surprise you, I wonder? I suppose it’s not a stretch. It’s hard to retain warm regards for one that has seeked your end through an assasin’s means. But before that. I didn’t. I don’t. I never have. I can see it; If you were here you would ask why? Why’d I plan the bloody wedding with her, for her, if I didn’t like her. Why’d I shoot Magnussen for her? And I, would as ever, be impressed with your ability to see, but not observe. For her? John. Never. For you? Always. Always you. By now you must know. You must. Do you?
“No, this is my turn, Sherlock. No touching.” John strips off his jumper and vest, then steps close, pressing kisses to Sherlock’s neck, his ears, his mouth. Sherlock behaves, his hands grabbing at his own thighs to keep from reaching for John. Sherlock’s t-shirt is in the way, So between the two of them it is removed. John leans forward and swirls his tongue first around one nipple then the other, teasing the taut nubs between his teeth. Sherlock throws his head back, his hands clenching at his sides.
Right now was currently floating their way into the door, all six foot of waterlogged detective in a sodden Belstaff, curls plastered around his ears like a disgraced cocker spaniel. His eyes were cast downwards in an attempt at contrition, but John wasn’t buying the act for one moment.
John moved into the kitchen and flipped the kettle on, pondering if he should go back to the old routine of making Sherlock’s tea. With a smile, he realized that most likely it would be the first words out of the git’s mouth when he awoke, and reached for a second cup. That thought lead to memories of tea and toast, and shared brunches, and soon John was so lost in his thoughts, he didn’t hear Sherlock emerge from his room. So lost was he, that he didn’t notice when Sherlock stepped behind him, wrapped his arms around his waist and pulled him close. Sherlock leaned down and nuzzled his nose against the top of John’s head and whispered a soft “welcome home,” against his scalp.
“Yes, well. Even you should be able to see how ridiculous those programmes are, John, you hardly need me.”
John pulled away, heading towards the dressing room door. “Mmm, that’s to be determined. But, one thing, for me? Bring the tights, will you? I find I’m quite fond of them.” John opened the door and with a wink pushed through it, leaving Sherlock stunned in his wake.
The mattress dipping and the weight of an arm draping across his stomach woke him up. He glanced at his clock: 4:42 am. “Sherlock,” he whispered, pressing back into the body nestled against his own. Sherlock had obviously just made it home, his skin was still chilly to the touch. As were the tentative lips that brushed across his nape. “Where have you been?” John sighed, angling his neck for more contact.
John worked her way down the bed until she was between Sherlock’s legs. She carefully eased them apart, her hands massaging and caressing Sherlock’s inner thighs from knee to groin. Long strokes alternating with circular brushes of her thumbs as she got closer to the juncture of hip and thigh that kept Sherlock guessing as to what John was going to do next. Sherlock was trying to remember to breathe, every cell in her body alight with need, with hunger, for John. Her hips shifted restlessly on the bed, an ache building in deep inside, the need to be touched almost overwhelming.
Sherlock tucked her right hand up under her head and took the rare chance to look her fill at her blogger and friend. During the day, she couldn’t dare let her gaze linger too long, lest John learn the true nature of her feelings. Now, with John asleep, it was safe, she could look and watch without any fear. Sherlock let her eyes travel over John’s quiet form. If possible, she looked even more beautiful like this, relaxed and at peace, the usual frown of worry gone from her lovely face. Sherlock wanted to touch, to stroke her jaw, her shoulders, trail her fingers down that smooth flesh and feel all the mottles and softness. Fighting that urge caused her to dig her nails into her own palms, the pain a stabilizing force, keeping her from doing something colossally stupid. Like pressing her lips to that same skin, or attempting to learn what John’s lips felt like under her own. Sherlock took a deep, shuddering breath, trying to regain control over her rapidly-beating heart. Sleep. She needed sleep. Sherlock closed her eyes, and willed herself into slumber.
“What do you want?” Sherlock’s voice had dropped an octave, that sinful baritone making John’s cock twitch where it was pressed against Sherlock’s body. “Tell me, John. Whatever you want, I’m here.” Sherlock accented his words with another expert roll of his hips that had both of them moaning. And suddenly, John knew what he wanted. What he needed.
“Shut up, Sherlock! We aren’t doing this your way. Not anymore,” John says, fixing Sherlock with an icy stare, his blue eyes cold. “I listened to you last time, and watched you almost get sent away, for her. And then, I get shut out for my pains. So no. This time, I’m doing things my way.”
Sherlock looked up sharply at John’s words, his face heating with the praise lavished in his direction. He his eyes scanned John’s face, searching for any trace of a lie.
John is reaching out to touch, trying desperately to grasp that pale wrist, begging every deity he can think of to please, please let there be a pulse. But the pavement is glistening darkly, and the incandescent light in those eyes is gone, taken from the world…
, and turned around, giving John a rather generous view of backside. “Good,” he called over his shoulder. “I like this song.”
John pushes down his desire to rage at them, to rail, to hurl every truth he knows about Sherlock until they see what a wonder they have in front of them. In the end, he lets his actions speak.
“I’m sorry, John for bursting in- you’re awake now, I’ll leave. Goodnight.” Sherlock turned toward the door but stopped at the faint sound of John calling her name.
John looked away, but not before Sherlock glimpsed a strange mixture of emotions cross his features. Sadness, amusement, and guilt.  And like that, Sherlock began to hope.
“Sorry,” Sherlock whispered. So quietly, you’d almost not hear it, but it was there anyhow. John blew out a breath. “Shower,” he announced, “You reek.”
Sherlock groaned, quickly sliding in another finger beside the first. He kept a steady rhythm, with his fingers and his mouth on John’s cock, and John was slowly shaking apart. He loved this, Sherlock playing his body as well as he played any violin concerto, listening to every noise, changing every technique to do exactly what John needed.
“Fuck, Sherlock, so good,” he panted, threading his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and pulling lightly. Sherlock moaned around his cock, sending delicious vibrations through him which nearly brought John to the brink right then. Sherlock sank down further, taking John’s length as far as he could, his tongue rubbing along the underside. He hollowed his cheeks and sucked, pulling off to tongue at the slit. John tried to contain the noises he made, but it was fruitless, Sherlock’s mouth was exquisite.
Sherlock snaps his head up, fixing John with his stare. John sucks in a breath. There is a flush on those impossible cheekbones that John is willing to bet has nothing to do with the weather, and his eyes are hot and dark with desire where they track John into his room. John instinctively wets his bottom lip, and Sherlock’s eyes trace the movement before moving back upwards.
Sherlock nestles back down onto John’s chest. He knows eventually they will have to move, to clean up, but for now, he is content to be where he is. His last conscious thought before he drifts off is just how much he loves the beach.
“I do. I want -” Sherlock’s head is spinning, John’s fingers are teasing him through the fabric, his body pressed in close, hot and hard against his own. But he needs John to know, to understand. “You. John. I - it’s always you, too. When I - God!” John rolls his nipple between thumb and forefinger and pinches.
“Just as I thought,” John continues, “those damned pants.” He shrugs out of his coat and is across the room in three strides, threading his hands through Sherlock’s hair and crushing their mouths together.
He’s fully hard now, his hips moving of their own accord, seeking something to ease the pressure. The sound of the shower still running makes up his mind, and he eases his trunks down over his hips, allowing his cock to spring free. Eagerly he wraps his hand around himself, stroking firmly from base to tip, biting his lip to keep from moaning too loudly. He knows in this state he won’t last long, he can take care of his problem before John comes out and no one will be the wiser for it.
“John?” Sherlock is biting his lip, an uncertainty burning in those beautiful eyes, and John wants nothing more than to take that away, to show him how very much he is wanted. And loved.
The first thump made Sherlock pause, lowering her bow from the violin strings. The second was followed by a low whimper that had her rushing towards the stairs, her violin forgotten on the desk as she climbed up to John’s room. The sounds coming from behind the closed door were becoming louder and more frantic as she approached the room, a low keening followed by a high-pitched whimper. Sherlock raised her hand to the door and debated knocking, but an especially loud wail had her throwing the door open before she could think twice.
His brother is waiting for him, it appears as if their conversation will be now. No better time than the present, he surmises. Mycroft hands Sherlock some wipes, and he takes the offering, slowly scrubbing at the blood congealing on his fingers. John’s blood. Sherlock shudders and sucks in a breath, scrubbing harder at his right hand. Finally clean, he drops the wipes and turns his head towards the window, watching the buildings rise and fall as they pass by in a vague blur.
John was miserable. Those two months, he had heard nothing. John’s anger spikes anew just thinking about all the calls and texts he had sent. All of them unanswered. He lets his gaze sweep over Sherlock, taking notice of his pallor, trying to see the color in his eyes in the dim warehouse. John is pleased that he appears sober, but then again, looks can be deceiving. Sherlock glances up and meets his eyes, and there is a spike of longing that pierces through John’s chest. He has missed Sherlock, the two of them, against the world. And now here they are, united against one enemy, but still separated by a deep chasm of trust.
Sherlock hummed, moving to cup John’s face in his hands. “John, I can’t lose you. Tonight, I was afraid --”
“John,” Sherlock breathed, lifting her arms to pull John down on top of her. The feeling of John’s fully clothed form on top of her naked body felt better than it had any right to, and she moaned into John’s mouth, eagerly exploring the wet depths with her tongue. John broke away, pressing kisses to Sherlock’s neck and shoulders, moving lower, her hands stroking Sherlock’s sides, inching closer to the underside of her firm breasts.
Finally coherent enough to open his eyes, John was waiting for him, leaning down to slide their lips together once, twice before pulling away.
“John, I’m going to -” He shouts his warning, which John promptly ignores, curling his finger again and sucking harder on his cock. “John!” Sherlock screams as his world explodes in showering sparks, cascading through his body, white hot and perfect. John moans around him, eagerly swallowing down his release. Sherlock raises up enough to see John’s arm and lower body in motion, he is fisting his own cock as he licks Sherlock’s come from his softening cock. The sight is enough to coax another spurt.
John can tell Sherlock is getting close, his hips are increasingly erratic in their movement, and John wants to tip him over the edge. The thought of Sherlock’s come on his arse, his skin, sending sparks shooting through his body. He threads his fingers tighter through Sherlock’s hair and pulls hard, while grinding down on his cock.
And if he’s being completely honest, the game is also an excuse to get close to Sherlock. Since he’s been back at Baker Street, there has been a tension between them. Something simmering there, just under the surface. They seem to be dancing around the elephant in the room, and John is tired of it. He knows, has known for a while to be honest, that he is in love with Sherlock. Sometimes, he thinks Sherlock might feel it too. In quiet moments there is a softness in his pale eyes, a fondness that goes deeper than pure friendship. And even though he is not one to respect personal boundaries normally, with John the boundaries are nonexistent, Sherlock oftentimes propping his legs in John’s lap while watching telly or on one notable occasion falling asleep on John’s shoulder in the back of a cab. He wants desperately to make a move, but at every turn it seems he is thwarted. Either by a case, or his own fear and stubbornness. Or for the past four days, the stroppy tantrum of the object of his affections. John has had enough. And ok, it’s juvenile, but at least it’s a game where touching is allowed. And if something more were to happen, well, John can’t say he’d be too upset about that.
“I’ve only been gone four minutes.” Hopefully he cannot hear the tears in my voice. I do so hate being human around my brother.
John’s eyes fixed on Sherlock’s form in the darkness. “Sherlock? Why are you in my room?” John ran her hands through her hair and over her face trying to calm her breathing.
John giggled, the sound floating between them and filling Sherlock’s pores with a joy and contentment that he’d never quite felt before. He wanted to capture that sound, wanted to bottle it and keep it, pull it out on cold days and wrap up warm in it.
He’s going to kill Mycroft. Because standing 10 feet in front of him, leveling a well-used Sig Sauer at Mary, is none other than John Watson.
Sherlock had wanted a simple night. An evening alone with John, a chance to celebrate Christmas Eve together, just the two of them, like old times. After the fiasco of last Christmas, Mary and John at his parents house, then later, the whole Magnussen disaster, he figured they deserved a quiet celebration on John’s first Christmas back at Baker Street. To be honest, he’d have thought that would be what John had wanted too, but at the last minute, John had announced he invited Molly, Greg, and Mrs. Hudson to the flat for a get-together on Christmas Eve.
“Why? You want to know why? Because it was my job. Because I was paid to. But I’ll tell you something,” Mary stares between John and Sherlock, now standing just a shoulder length apart, her eyes tracking between the two of them.  “I’d have done it for free.”
The door closes. Somehow, it feels different here, without the stress and fear of John bleeding out under his fingers, but he knows he needs to say it one last time. He’s not sure if John will remember, and he’s honestly not sure if he wants him to, but it feels wrong to leave this room with the words unspoken. Once more.
Sherlock kisses down his neck, stopping to nibble at his shoulder, pressing his teeth hard into the tender flesh there. He moans around the skin as he continues stroking John, his other arm like a vice holding him tighter in place. His breath is coming shallower as he ruts himself against John’s arse.
“It was a slash really. Three stitches. I’m fine.” He ran his fingers along Sherlock’s forearm and wiggled himself even closer. “Hmm, that’s nice.”
His name. John had said - no yelled - his name as he came. That had pushed out all reason, and Sherlock had flown up the stairs, needing to see, to deduce, to touch. But now that he is here, he suddenly doesn’t know what to do. He is trembling all over and all he can think of is that he needs to get his hands and mouth on John now. He surges forward, stopping only a breath away from John’s lips. John swallows, looking up at him guiltily. That won’t do, he doesn’t want John to be guilty.
Sherlock slowly pulled out then sank back in, causing both men to groan at the sensation. He set a steady pace, rolling his hips, working slowly to take John apart. As their bodies rolled into one another’s, Sherlock pressed kisses to John’s lips, his jaw, his neck. Sherlock shifted his hips slightly, changing the angle, and John moaned loudly as Sherlock’s cock brushed his prostate on every stroke. John could feel his orgasm building, his muscles tightening as the pressure built deep in his belly. He hitched his legs higher around Sherlock’s hips, meeting him thrust for thrust, reaching his hands down to grab his arse and pull him deeper. Sherlock complied, grabbing onto the pillow by John’s head and rocking harder into his body. John was close, but he needed just a bit more to push him over that threshold. Sherlock, seeming to read his mind, or his body, snaked his other hand between them, stroking John in time with the motion of their hips.
Stag night. Another wasted moment. He was almost positive John was making a move that night, the hand on his knee, fingers pressing into the flesh just above the bone. Both of them, tipsy with alcohol, pulling ever closer into one another’s orbits. How open John was that night, how lovely he was lost in drink and laughter. Sherlock sometimes wonders what would have happened if he had returned those tiny advances, would John still had gone through with the wedding? Or would they have simply tumbled into a pleasurable mistake?
“If you don’t put your mouth on me - Christ!” Sherlock yelled as John spread him open and licked one firm wet stripe right up the center of his arse. John repeated the motion, slower, pressing his tongue teasingly against the furled muscle of Sherlock’s hole, reveling in the shudders and shivers coursing through the man underneath his lips, his tongue. He alternated teasing strokes, long passes of flattened tongue, kneading the plush flesh under his fingers.
One minute. I’ve been in the air one minute. I can still see the city falling away as I climb higher, moving farther away from you. Are you still standing on the tarmac, I wonder? Or have you gotten back into the car? The both of you. Gotten back in, had the driver take you back to your cozy little flat in the suburbs. Back where you can live your lives together. Man and wife. Father and Mother. John and Mary. I wonder, if I hadn’t been sent away, would you have made room for me? Carved me a niche, a hole, in your cozy little existence? Allowed me some small fragment of you? Best man, best friend? Maybe more?
John Watson stood outside his door, looking fantastic in a freshly pressed pair of tan trousers and a blue button down.  John smiled, bringing his hand from around his back, and revealing a single red rose.
John collapsed in his chair, wincing a bit as the stitches pulled at the edges of his wound.  Picking up his glass, he took a long sip of the excellent scotch, remembering again the ambulance ride. Sherlock was tense and withdrawn, glaring daggers at the paramedics, while he tried to give his account of the injury and comfort Sherlock at the same time. He wanted to gather him in his arms, tell him he was fine, it was just a flesh wound, but he couldn't do more than pat Sherlock’s  knee between vital checks. It was the same at the hospital, Sherlock wearing the same mask of intense sadness and despondency, only leaving his side when directly ordered.
Five minutes. Hope is soaring in my chest. Dare I to hope? Five minutes and my execution has been stayed. Yes, the plane is turning around and we are returning to the airfield. Back to London. Back to you. To you, dear John.
John had trusted Sherlock, then. Trusted that Sherlock had some plan to resolve the whole issue, some idea that would punish Mary for what she had done. A week later, he’d realised how starkly he was mistaken, the moment that plane landed and he rushed on board. He had been happy, relieved, and ecstatic when that plane had turned around. John was convinced this was Mycroft’s doing, a hoax to get his brother out of his mission. John couldn’t care less at the moment, he was just glad Sherlock was not leaving him behind. He vowed in that moment to rush onto the plane and tell Sherlock that the deal was off and he was coming back to Baker Street.
Sherlock turns back towards the car, perplexed by the emotion he hears in Mycroft’s voice. Emotion, from Mycroft?
John threw open the window, shoving his madman of a flatmate out into the clean air and clapping him on the back to relieve his coughing fit. Satisfied that Sherlock wasn’t in imminent danger any longer, he surveyed the mess, growing angrier by the second at each new disaster he spied. John whirled his head around ready to give Sherlock the dress down of his life, when he noticed that his eyes had gone wide. Wide, and dark. And was that… was he blushing? All bluster went out of him at the sight. Sherlock looked flustered. And adorable.
But, I’m lonely. And she’s…well, she’s nice. And maybe it can be okay. It will never be you. No one will ever shine with your brilliance. But I have to move on now. So this is me, saying goodbye. Goodbye to Baker Street. Goodbye to the Consulting Detective and his Blogger. Goodbye to you.
“Shh - John. Just let me, please,” Sherlock says and drops gracefully to his knees on the shower floor, running his large hands up the back of the John’s thighs to knead at his arse. Sherlock trails his tongue over the dip in John’s spine, moving slowly lower until he reaches the swell of his arse. Sensing what Sherlock wants, John bends over slightly, bracing himself with his forearms against the shower wall.
Tonight Sherlock was exhausted. He was laying on the couch, half asleep and half ensconced in his mind palace, mentally going over his routine. Opening night was in two days, and tomorrow was dress rehearsals, the last day to get everything perfect.
. Sherlock must have sensed the tension in his shoulders, the frustration lining his features, because he picked up his violin and turned to play. Brahms. One of John’s favorites when he had trouble sleeping.
Sherlock pushed himself off the wall and barrelled up the stairs, stripping off his Belstaff the minute he crossed the threshold. John was right behind him, shucking his own coat and shoes, before locking the door, and threading his fingers into Sherlock’s hair. The kiss was instantly hot and wet, tongues meeting, stroking, sucking as they backed further into the room. Clothes were shed, buttons flying in all directions as they made their way to the bedroom. John stopped them just before the doorway, backing Sherlock against the wall and swirling a tongue around one nipple, feeling the pale nub harden under his touch. Sherlock moaned and grabbed at John’s head, rutting his hips harder.
The paramedics are off to the side, Mycroft waves them over towards the two men. Sherlock gives John one final squeeze, leaning over to whisper softly, “Fight. For me. I love you,” before standing up.
Judging by the slight wetness in Sherlock’s eyes, John could tell no one had ever made him that promise before. He was suddenly filled with both pride that he could fill that role for him, and anger that no one ever treated this man with the care he deserved. He squeezed Sherlock a little tighter, and couldn’t resist pressing another kiss to that gorgeous mouth. “I mean it, Sherlock.”
A flash of red draws my eye, and like that, my fantasy goes up in smoke. It was never to be, was it? Because you have her, and your place is by her side. To pet her hair, and stroke her face and tell her you’ll never let her go. Not me. Never me.
The outside world rushes by, a stunning array of colors catching my eye as the day passes to twilight. The gentle sway of the train carriage helping to soothe away the stress of the day, the long case Holmes had insisted upon us investigating. Our day started well before dawn, my sleep broken by a gentle caress across my brow, a simple glide of fingertips from my beloved’s hands, a whispered, “Watson.” Opening my eyes, I immediately noticed Holmes was dressed for the day, and a twinge of disappointment flared in my gut that this was not to be one of those visits. Of late, our night-time activities had become more frequent, and I often woke to Holmes creeping into my rooms to celebrate our affections for one another.
On one hand, Sherlock was thrilled beyond compare that John had thought of him. Saw the flyers announcing the production, and thought of Sherlock. Wanted to take Sherlock. Go with Sherlock. As a date, he wondered? He narrowed his eyes and glanced back up, trying to read John’s face. John looked so earnest and open, and Sherlock’s heart clenched at what he was about to do.
He was so absorbed, he didn’t hear John enter, didn’t even register his presence, until he felt his feet being lifted, and a warmth enveloping itself around his ankle. John. John’s hand. He opened his eyes to find John looking down at him, amused half smile playing on his lips.
I do, John. Illogically, irrevocably, inexplicably, I love you. Always you. Since the moment we met. You must know. You must have heard it, seen it. Did you? In my words, my eyes, my body? Read it the way I can read a crime scene? I dare to hope you did. I could not bear to say the words out loud to you in front of her, my brother, an audience. But I dare to believe you heard. Did you?
“Just a minute,” he called, striding across the room and throwing open the door. He’d expected to find Molly on the threshold, so he was wholly unprepared for the sight that greeted him.
“You prefer something else? Sweetheart, honey, baby?” John asks, smirking up at Sherlock. He knows what he’s getting at, but he’ll be damned if he’ll make it easy for him.
“Not quite,” Sherlock replied, trailing his tongue across his chest to lavish attention on the other nipple.
Sherlock didn’t answer. He was torn between a desire to fling open the door or hide himself away until John went to bed.
Sherlock paces the corridor in front of the operating theatre, thoughts racing through his head at a million miles a minute. Once again, he cannot stop himself from thinking that this is all his fault. If only he could have sussed her out earlier, found her secrets, he could have saved them all this pain, this trouble. That night he came back, he should have known. Why didn’t he listen to his instincts? Sherlock threads his hands through his curls and pulls, the pain helping to ground his thoughts. He needs to stay focused. Mary is dead. She cannot harm them any more. John, John is what matters, he is everything. If he survives, Sherlock promises that he will never do this again, run off without his blogger, his friend. His love?
John drifts in and out of consciousness, trying to hold on to the image in his mind of Sherlock leaning over him, concern and care evident in those features. As he’s jostled into the ambulance, the paramedics working over his injury, he briefly wonders where Sherlock is. His last conscious thoughts are pondering why Sherlock isn’t with him before the last wave of darkness comes crashing over him, pulling him down into its depths.
Isn’t that ironic, mused John, as he pressed closer behind Sherlock, wrapping his hands tighter around his waist. He was close enough to see the sweat glistening at the nape of Sherlock’s neck, making those infuriating curls wet and stick ever so slightly to the damp skin. John’s mouth watered as he imagined running his tongue over that pale expanse, learning the taste of him. Being this close to Sherlock was intoxicating and arousing. It wasn’t helping that every once in a while Sherlock’s arse would brush against John’s groin, and he had to bite his lip to keep from groaning out loud at the contact.
Sometimes Sherlock wished it was different. He wished he could just tell him the truth. He’d been to more rugby practices and matches than he could count, always there to cheer John on, no matter what. Even though he knew absolutely nothing about the sport, he knew he enjoyed watching John play. Watching John in action, in those damned shorts, was enough to inspire a healthy interest in an otherwise tedious pastime. He wondered sometimes if John would extend the same courtesy to him, support him as a friend, no matter what his personal opinion on the art may be. But those old fears, old demons, were hard to stifle.
“Well, I - yeah, excuse me.” She hurries off, glancing backwards at him as she paces down the corridor towards the doorway, puzzled. Sherlock waits until she has gone completely before ducking behind the desk and finding the information he seeks.
The next time his phone pings he decides to indulge in answering, having nothing better to do than languidly drape himself over the sofa. He swipes his thumb across the screen and notes the time, John should be home within the hour. His messages show four missed all from John, as he suspected. However, the contents aren’t something he’d have deduced.
“Breathe, John,” Sherlock whispered. “I’ve got you.” He slowly took John’s cock back in his mouth bobbing his head and sucking harder.
Spin. “Left foot yellow.” John puts a bit of Captain Watson in his tone, after all he is doling out orders, and he’s definitely not imagining the start of a flush blooming on those impossible cheekbones. Sherlock stretches his left leg to comply, balancing gracefully.
John pulled back, and threaded both hands into Sherlock’s hair, staring intently into Sherlock’s eyes. He smirked, “You don’t know how long I’ve wanted to hear those words.”
Broken glassware, a puddle of something John couldn’t even name on the floor, and what mysteriously looked like one of his jumpers on fire. Sherlock was attempting to put it out, but to no avail. As John watched he dumped the contents of the beaker he was holding on the conflagration effectively dousing the flames, but sending up an acrid plume of smoke in it’s midst. Sherlock began to cough, and John finally sprang into action, grabbing Sherlock by the arm to pull him from the mess and towards the windows, muttering under his breath the whole way.
It becomes some sort of weird dance.  Each move like a push and pull moving them closer together, further apart, twisting and turning. Hands, feet, yellow, red, green, blue, each call a chance to take the final step and finish what has started between them. The air is charged and John aches to close the distance. Somewhere in the calls, he has ended up sprawled half over Sherlock, his leg tangled between both of Sherlock’s, his chest pressed to Sherlock’s back, reaching over him to keep his hand pressed to his own circle. John’s jumper has long been shed, and somehow Sherlock’s shirt has ridden up even further during the game. The smell of him, combined with the velvety feel of his skin has John half hard in his jeans. He’s about ready to forfeit the bloody game and press his lips to that alabaster skin.
John and Mary are not paying any attention to him, locked in an escalating war of words, so Sherlock slips his hand inside his coat pocket to where his cell phone is hidden, sending a quick text to Mycroft.
“Fuck you,” John says, but there's no real heat in it. “Just because we’re not all bloody gazelles.”
“Are you sure you have to go?” John whispered, leaning close to be heard over the dull roar in the other room.
“John, please,” she breathed, not even sure what she was begging for. Something, anything, to stop the intense throbbing that was growing between her legs.
, and pulled his finger out, quickly sliding another next to the first. John growled, his body already starting to rock of it’s own accord, needing more. Sherlock pulled off John’s cock, resting his head on the joint of groin and thigh, breathing hard.
The arch of his back causes Sherlock’s cock to slip between his arse cheeks, and they both groan at the sensation. “Christ, Sherlock,” John pants, rolling his hips. The feeling of Sherlock’s erection sliding between his cheeks and brushing over the sensitive entrance to his body making him shiver.
Mary falls and John is glad. If he hadn’t been there today there’s no doubt she would have shot Sherlock again. And John’s positive it wouldn’t have been a recoverable wound this time. Looking around he sees Sherlock sprawled on the floor, and tries to move toward him, but a sharp pain brings him up short, his head clouding. The next thing he knows, he is laying on the cold floor, Sherlock’s face swimming in his vision.
John flicks the plastic spinner, and calls out the move. “Right foot red, Sherlock.” Sherlock hastens to comply, placing his right foot on the little red circle in front of him.
Sherlock nodded. John chuckled against her skin, pressing light kisses against her neck. “I need to hear you say it, love.”
“Eager, darling?” He teased, trailing feather soft lips up the back of Sherlock’s thigh, pressing hints of kisses to each arse cheek in turn. Sherlock responded beautifully, his hips rolling, chasing John, seeking contact, seeking more. John kneaded and squeezed, spreading Sherlock open, his mouth moving closer to Sherlock’s hole, inch by agonizing inch.
“Oh, John, John.” Sherlock chanted, grabbing John’s hips and thrusting harder into John’s body, his own orgasm devastatingly close.
But then, the list. That bloody list. And Mycroft’s insistence that Sherlock was high, and very well on his way to a full overdose. And everything in John’s body shut down. Blind rage, disappointment and mind-numbing grief targeted him all at once as Sherlock attempted to explain the difference between addict and user. As if there is a difference in this case, John thought bitterly. As Sherlock spun his fanciful tale of Moriarty and what he was going to do next, even though the man was definitely dead, John had quietly seethed. Because Sherlock’s plan, as usual, did not involve him.
A sound on the stairs makes him pause. He normally would rail against the invasion of privacy, but tonight, he has a sudden desire, a sudden need, to not be alone.
The first touch of John’s tongue was a tiny swipe, just enough to tease. John did it again, this time, one long lick to Sherlock’s folds, tongue pressing gently against her clit. John moaned as Sherlock sobbed, and the vibration went right to her very core.
“Thanks, Doctor,” he says, his eyes already falling shut again. He can hear the click clack of the doctor’s shoes as he leaves the room, the soft click of the door catching as it closes. He’s nearly asleep again when he senses someone in his room. John supposes it's a nurse or another doctor here to check his vitals. They can bloody well go ahead without his input, he thinks.
“John?” Sherlock whispered as John pulled hard on his shoulders, forcing his whole body down on top of his own. Sherlock collapsed, his lips automatically seeking the warmth of John’s neck. “You’re shaking. I’m here. You need to breathe.”
“Jesus, Sherlock, you can’t just-” John stopped suddenly, dropping her head to her bent knees as a shudder passed through her, causing her to curl up further into herself.
“Christ, Sherlock, you’re perfect, yes -” he pants, flicking his hips faster has his orgasm barrels down on him.
John doesn’t answer, too busy spreading the multi-colored canvas out on the sitting room floor. The furniture has been pushed back, chairs and the coffee table pushed to the side. The sight of all that empty space makes John pause his ministrations to remember other nights. Cleared spaces and violin waltzes, the feel of Sherlock’s lean body pressed close to his. Looking back, those dance lessons were an exquisite torture, being so close, but yet knowing that soon their time would be ending, soon John would be with Mary.  Thinking about it now, those nights learning the waltz were some of the best memories of that whole fiasco of a marriage. He should have known then that it was doomed to fail, that he’d never want to be anywhere except Baker Street, but he supposes hindsight’s always 20/20. Now after the dust is all settled, he's happy to be back home where he belongs.
“Mine,” John breathes, amazed at the possessiveness and pride he feels at the physical manifestations of his claim.
John held the newspaper up in front of his face, scanning the print for anything of interest. He hoped to find something, anything, that could constitute a case worthy of his madman of a flatmate. He’d been dealing with Sherlock’s mercurial mood for the last two days. Two days of stroppy fits, massive pouts, and flying dressing gowns. In truth, John knew what it was Sherlock really needed, but he was not going to give in so easily. He wanted Sherlock to ask for things instead of acting like an overgrown toddler.
Sherlock huffs again, clearly affronted by the pattern gracing the floor of 221b. John suppresses a laugh and returns to his work, ensuring the canvas is spread flat, and retrieving the spinner from the box.
Graceful as a jaguar, Sherlock crawled back up the bed, lowering himself until they were pressed knees to chest. John cradled Sherlock’s face in his hands and brought him down for a kiss. This one was gentler than the ones they’d shared so far, calmer, slower, John exploring Sherlock’s mouth with reverence.
Slipping his mobile back in his pocket, Sherlock feels the buzz of the incoming text alert. He doesn’t need to read it, just the notice is enough to calm his rising panic. Mycroft is fine and the plan can continue. Except, somehow he still needs to convince John to leave. Any concerns he had over John’s protestation at Mary being taken away are swiftly being laid to rest at the argument he can hear raging in front of him. Husband and wife are all but circling one another now, accusations flying. Sherlock wishes he’d had the chance to disarm Mary before the sparring started. She is far too handy with a gun for his liking; the round scar on his chest can attest to that. Sherlock takes a step closer to John, just as Mary delivers a particularly vile retort that leaves John bristling.
Sherlock breaks the kiss, resting his forehead against John’s.  “John?” Sherlock is breathless, his question barely more than a puff of air.
“Fuck, Sherlock, that mouth.” John’s hand leaves his hair, grabbing hard onto the cushion. That won’t do.
John was eventually able to get his body to stop shaking so violently. Sherlock’s words, his presence, doing enough to reassure him that he was real. This was real. Sensing that John had relaxed, Sherlock moved to roll off him, but John stopped him, threading his hands through  Sherlock’s curls and holding him in place.
With a moan, Sherlock unfolds himself from John’s lap. He’s so close, the slightest touch will push him over the edge. Without warning, he finds himself twisted onto the sofa, sitting, his legs spread, and John swallowing him down. Sherlock cries out, his hands instinctively coming up to cradle John’s head as it bobs between his thighs. John lifts one of Sherlock’s legs over his shoulder and presses two fingers inside his loosened hole, rubbing directly at his prostate, and Sherlock is lost, his orgasm careening down on him like a tsunami, white hot and sparkling, and so hard, he thinks he loses consciousness.
Even now I wonder, did you feel it too? Did you wonder what we could be like? What would happen if one of us would take that step, bridge that gap? I imagined it happening in so many ways. Hot and hard, the blood pumping through us, surging with adrenaline fresh from a case. I’ve seen you in my mind up against the wall, shivering beneath my touch, and Christ the sounds I can imagine you making. There were nights, so many nights, Sherlock that I had to leave the flat for ‘air’ because my thoughts of you left me aching with need. And it felt so wrong somehow. I wanted you, but I knew you ‘
“God John. You are a marvel.” He pressed kisses to John’s inner thighs, his other hand still wrapped around his cock and stroking in time to the thrusts of his fingers in and out of John’s body. “More?” He asked.
They quickly rinse off and towel dry then paddle into the bedroom, climbing into the bed. Sherlock curls his naked body around John’s, one leg thrown between his, his head snuggled on his chest. John wraps his arms around Sherlock and squeezes, once again grateful for how the day turned out, the rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest a welcome sensation. He allows himself to drift to sleep, bathed in the light of the afternoon sun, warm, safe, and content.
– John’s tongue on his cock, his perfect lips enveloping his length as he bobs between Sherlock’s legs.
“Oh. Well. He’s stable. It was a close call, we thought we’d lost him there, when he was first brought in, flatlined on the table.” He must notice Sherlock’s stricken expression, because he hastens to add: “But we got him back, able to repair the damage to the inferior vena cava and control the internal bleeding.”
Sherlock’s answer is to tilt his head up and press his lips to John’s. The first press is light, a tentative brush of skin, and it sends a thrill through John’s body. He instantly wants more. He kisses him again, sucking that plush bottom lip between both of his own. Sherlock gasps and John presses in, licking into Sherlock’s mouth. The first touch of Sherlock’s tongue to John’s is like an electric current hardwired straight to his groin and he can’t suppress the moan that erupts from his mouth at the feeling.
John finally startled awake and sat straight up in the bed, the duvet pooling around her waist. Her hair was in wild disarray, her chest heaving as she tried to calm herself from her nightmare. Her eyes searched frantically in the darkness, looking for the source of the noise that woke her. Sherlock decided to make it easier for her friend.
Mary is laughing. God he hates her laugh. John remembers there was a time he enjoyed it, when it didn’t make every hair on the back of his neck stand on end. A time when it actually felt like joy instead of mocking disdain. When was that? He wishes he could go back there. Back before he realised who and what she really was. Back before she put a bullet in his best friend.
“Sherlock, what are you doing?” John breathes, more confused than ever at the sight of Sherlock in his bed.
Sherlock exhales a shaky breath, wiggling his hips and squeezing his thighs around John’s body, causing white hot desire to spike though John and pool in his belly. “God, Sherlock,” John moans, “Touch me, please.”
“Excuse me, I’d like to check on Dr John Watson. Please,” He adds, his lips pulled up in the smile that never fails to make women comply. Well, it usually works on Molly.
“It’s your move,” Sherlock whispers. They are so close John can feel Sherlock’s breath gust on his face and the warmth makes his eyes snap open, locking onto Sherlock’s. John’s tongue darts out to wet his lower lip. Sherlock’s eyes trace the movement before flashing back upwards and John doesn’t need the plastic spinner to tell him what his next move should be.
“Of course we need to keep you under observation for a while, make sure there is no internal bleeding. And I’d like a cardiologist to check out your heart to make sure everything is healing well. But if everything goes well, I’d say a couple of weeks, give or take.”
A choice made even more evident the night of Sherlock’s return. John sat in the Landmark trying for all his might to move on, take the final step with Mary. And in waltzed Sherlock Holmes, prancing around pretending to be a waiter with his drawn on mustache and fruity accent. Making a joke out of the past two years. Making a mockery out of John’s pain. The unfeeling clod. John was so angry that night he didn’t know what to do. He wanted to punch him, hurt him until he felt as bad as John had. He wanted to kiss him, grab him and reassure himself that he was alive. In the end, the anger won out. John went home with Mary, and Sherlock went home with a bloodied nose.
Regrets of another kind also flood his brain. Why, why did he wait so long to tell John how he felt about him? Why couldn’t he have said something sooner? So many chances wasted. Teaching John to dance. Their bodies pressed in close, the scent of John in his arms making his skin flare and flush, trying desperately to control the shivers that traveled through his veins each time John’s hands brushed his back, his shoulder blades, his waist. It would have been so easy to close the distance then, give into the temptation and tell John that it has always been and always will be only him. Ask him to reconsider his choice of Mary. But Sherlock was afraid. So afraid. Of hearing John give his usual replies, denying the spark that has always existed between the two of them. So he stayed silent, played his part, nothing more. Even though it felt more and more like death, every time.
When it becomes too much, he gently pulls on John’s shoulder, dragging him upwards and capturing his mouth in a filthy, wet kiss. He can taste himself and it makes him moan, sucking harder on John’s tongue where it rubs against his own. John is still pumping at his own cock, his hips giving minute thrusts. Sherlock snakes his hand between them and entwines his fingers with John’s and together they work his cock, faster and harder. John breaks away from the kiss, and Sherlock licks down his neck, sucking hard on a pulse point.
“Upstairs?” John pressed the question into Sherlock’s skin, his hands digging harder into those sharp hips.
The morning sun was coming in at a wrong angle. Sherlock couldn’t place why for the longest moment, or why she was so delightfully warm, until she opened her eyes and tried to roll over. And suddenly felt the weight of John’s body against her own. Somewhere in the night, she had drifted closer, and the two of them were now nestled together in the middle of the bed, limbs tangled together. John’s arm was thrown over Sherlock’s hip, her face pressed into her neck. Sherlock could feel each warm breath as John exhaled,  each one sending a shiver down her spine.
“You can share the bed, Sherlock, there is plenty of room.” John was trying to sound nonchalant, but her voice wavered ever so slightly. John lifted up the duvet and moved over to the left side of the bed, leaving the right free for Sherlock. Sherlock removed her dressing gown, letting it slither off her frame onto the floor before climbing in and settling on her side.
John’s resolve snapped. The knowledge that Sherlock obviously wanted him was enough to let him act on at least one of his many fantasies. Turning his head to the side, he pressed a sloppy open mouthed kiss to the part of Sherlock’s neck he could reach, his tongue coming out to lap at that alabaster skin. Sherlock melted into John, angling his head to give him room, and pushing his straining member further into John’s hand.
“So tell me about it. What happens in the story?” He nestled closer on the sofa until his shoulders and thighs were brushing against Sherlock’s. Sherlock struggled to breathe for an entirely different reason.
John sucks in a breath and looks down. He had suspected for a while now that Mary knew how he felt about Sherlock ... John, for his part, tried his best to repress all those feelings, push them down somewhere that they could never see the light of day ... God damn Mary. She knew. And to use it against him, to hurt Sherlock because of him? He’ll never forgive himself.
“Molly, how many times-” he began, dropping his leg and pulling his other up for the same treatment. “It’s not like that. I don’t think, anyway. And no, I haven’t.”
Sherlock has always loved dancing. Teaching John to waltz for his last wedding was an exquisite torture, bodies so close, but not able to actually close the gap. No such gap exists now, as he tenderly takes John into his arms, his new husband’s hands resting gently at his shoulder and the small of his back.
“No,” Sherlock whispered. “I want to.” He turned his head and pressed kisses to John’s wrist, his tongue darting out to chase his racing pulse. “I want you.”
“Could you - I mean, It sometimes helps if...could you stay? Just for a bit?” John looked up at Sherlock in the darkness, her eyes pleading, obviously searching for some comfort. Sherlock couldn’t refuse. She couldn’t refuse John anything when she looked at her like that. Sherlock nodded and spun in a tight circle, looking for a place she could spend the night. She supposed the floor wouldn’t be too bad. Just as she was about to sit, John surprised her.
“Sit up a bit, that’s it,” Between the two of them, they removed Sherlock’s t-shirt and pajama pants, leaving her in just her lacy black panties. “Lie back for me,” John whispered. John’s eyes darkened even further as she let her gaze travel over Sherlock’s body from her head to her feet. Sherlock felt self conscious, and almost moved to cover herself, but John’s next words stopped her.
John froze, his eyes wide as saucers. He thought briefly of removing himself, taking Sherlock’s hand from where it was resting on his chest and stepping from his grasp. But as the moment lingered, John let himself relax into the embrace. Here in Sherlock’s arms, he truly felt like he had come home.
Mycroft has the good grace to look sheepish. “Indeed,” he says before turning on his heel and striding away.
“Why? Don’t I deserve to know what’s going on in my own damned life? I’m sick of being a pawn in everybody’s bloody games, Sherlock. Especially yours.”
Sherlock snakes his hands around John’s hips, grabbing his arse, and pulling him closer, rubbing himself against John’s answering hardness. It feels deliciously good, even through the barrier of fabric between them. John presses back, rolling his hips, once, twice, panting breaths against Sherlock’s shoulder before pulling back and stepping off the edge of the bed.
Sherlock was stood in the middle of the room, swaying slightly, holding John’s sleeping daughter in his arms. He seemed to almost be dancing with the infant as he talked, the gentle sway of his body no doubt helping to soothe her slumber. Sherlock’s nose was nuzzed against the top of her head as he recited properties of honey making in a fully active bee colony. A truly fascinating topic, if Amelia’s little snuffly snore was anything to go by. John watched the two people he loved most, soft smile playing over his features, and decided that he was going to let him know how he felt, consequences be damned.
“Whoa, mate. No room for you, you can follow,” the medic says nodding at the sleek black car idling just behind.
John repeated her attentions on the other nipple, adding a bit of teeth that had Sherlock nearly whimpering. John chuckled. “You could probably come just from this, couldn’t you? We should try that next time. Experiment.”
Artwork for the wonderful fic by the fabulous Irrevocably_Sherlocked, by me, MrsNoggin. It's a bloody honour to be linked to this fabulous writer in anyway whatsoever, and I am so chuffed to be here!
“Mm, gorgeous,” John repeated, fingers tracing softly up the inside of Sherlock’s other thigh. He wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s cock, long and lean like the man himself, and Sherlock bucked again as John wrapped his lips softly around the tip, in the smallest approximation of a kiss.
“Yes, Sherlock, you’re beautiful, amazing. Come for me, love,” John soothed him, brushing the sweaty fringe from Sherlock’s forehead.
Almost as soon as it began, it was over, John pulling back, still cradling Sherlock’s face in his hands.
And what was all this isolation for, John thinks as he watches Mary turn to him, gun poised. So he could rush back into danger? Back to this spot, standing in front of an assassin, determined that this time the bullet would do its job and take him away for good? Well no. John wasn’t having that. This time, no matter what Sherlock tells him, or tries to get him to believe, he is going to be there, to protect him, watch his back. Like he should have done in Magnussen's office. Or on the roof of Bart's, for that matter. It should be the two of them. Just the two of them, always.
Sherlock breaks away, breathing hard, as John mouths his way down his jaw, pressing kisses and kitten licks to his neck. Sherlock tilts his head to give John better access and wraps his hands around the back of John’s head, just holding him there. He feels John smile against his skin, as his hands move to push his coat off his shoulders.
John groaned quietly and lifted the pint glass to his lips, eyeing Sherlock over the top. For his part, Sherlock appeared to be completely oblivious to the inner workings of John’s head, downing his own drink and tapping with his gorgeously long fingers on his mobile. He also, thankfully, was oblivious to the dozen or so other men who apparently had the same ideas as John running through their heads. John had been throwing his best
“Christ, love,” John groaned. She slid one finger inside Sherlock’s slick folds, moaning at the wetness she found there. “Oh god, you’re so wet for me. Sherlock, I need - can I? Can I taste you, please?”
John gives a tiny hum, then moves down to press kisses to Sherlock’s abdomen, swirling his tongue inside his navel, before unfastening Sherlock’s trousers and tugging them and his pants off in one go. Sherlock is spread wide, his cock jutting proudly upwards and leaking on his stomach and suddenly he feels self-conscious. John leans down and presses his lips to Sherlock’s hipbone before trailing across to the other and sucking gently.
John placed his hand on Sherlock’s knee, and slid slowly upward, his thumb tracing circles on the firm muscles under his fingers. Sherlock melted into the seat, shifting his hips forward, letting out a breathy sigh. The movement caused John’s hand to slide further up that long expanse of thigh, and John took advantage, running his fingertips up the inseam of Sherlock’s trousers, scratching lightly with his fingernail. Sherlock shifted and leaned over, nuzzling John’s head. It was strangely sweet, and John couldn’t resist, tilting his head up and capturing Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock immediately deepened the kiss, rubbing his tongue against John’s. And christ, the sounds he made. Each moan, gasp, sigh, John could taste them all, and each one was like a live wire attached directly to his groin. Sherlock was practically crawling in his lap and John had completely forgotten they were in the back of a cab until a sharp rap on the ceiling alerted him to another presence.
John walks to his bedroom door and throws it open and runs smack into a wall. Specifically a wall shaped like Sherlock. John looks up horrified, wondering how long he has been standing there. Sherlock is still wearing his coat, leaning against the doorframe. He is breathing hard, his head bowed, his chest heaving. John begs to whoever is listening that Sherlock has just returned home.
Then Sherlock went off and shot Magnussen. For Mary. To ensure her safety. John didn’t know what to think. On one hand he was grateful that the spectre of that man was gone. But on the other, he was terrified for what it would mean for Sherlock. And for him. A week later, he found out the price. A mission to Eastern Europe. For six months, or so he thought. John wanted to shout. Sherlock again running off and leaving him behind.
Sherlock thrust five or six more times before he was coming too, sobbing his release into John’s shoulder, before collapsing boneless on top of him. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock, one hand coming up to thread into his curls as they both regained their breath. After a moment, Sherlock rolled off him, flopping onto his back, and John pressed a quick kiss to his lips before slipping off to the loo for a perfunctory cleanup. He wet a flannel for Sherlock, and padded back into the bedroom, not surprised to find that Sherlock hadn’t moved an inch. Cleaning him off, John tossed the used rag over the side before climbing back into the bed and snuggling close, drawing the duvet over the two of them.
Sherlock’s heart was beating frantically. Could John really be saying-? He had to know for sure. He turned his head back, capturing John’s eyes with his own. “Who?” he whispered.
John tries again to wake up, push away the lingering fog and find out what’s real. In his mind he’s crawling, scrambling to surface, but his fatigue is too great, too strong. It’s not a fight he can win. He decides to just give in to the dream he’s woven for himself. Besides, it’s a lovely dream.
John snapped his head up to meet Sherlock’s eyes, focused hotly on his. He was smirking, and as John watched, that lithe body started to move again, dips and rolls that had him shaking with the effort not to join in. He held out for all of a minute before saying “Fuck it,” and stepping in to Sherlock’s space, moving his own body in time with the pop beat coming from the speakers. John may not be able to waltz, but he’d never had a problem with this kind of dancing.
As soon as they made it back to their flat he’d immediately made plans. He’d trust Sherlock, but only so far. He was going to have backup. He’d give Sherlock a week. After that passed, it was a simple matter of a call to Mycroft and a meeting at the Diogenes the next day, and the plan was set in motion.  Then it was a waiting game. And a performance. Every day of his life, pretending he loved Mary, that she was the one he truly wanted, when his every thought was focused on the other side of town.
“Sherlo-” John breathes, feeling the heat begin the pool between his legs at the talent of Sherlock’s mouth on his skin. But he really should call an end to this, he’s running behind as it is.
John looks up, then turns his head to catch Sherlock’s eyes. He can’t believe what he has just heard. Why? That’s all he wants to know. Why would she deliberately hurt him? A contract is one thing. A vile thing, yes. But to admit to wanting Sherlock dead, beyond an external reason? John cannot fathom it. Sherlock seems to be pleading with him, his eyes containing an emotion he has not seen before crossing those pale green irises. John is awed by the depth of compassion he sees. It’s a look that John would love to explore,  if he wasn’t standing in the middle of a tense standoff with his lying, murderous wife.
“Jo-John?” Sherlock voice is shaking, his whole body numb with the shock of finding John, his John in this way.
He finished his ablutions quickly and wrapped a towel around his hips, sauntering out to the sitting room to find Sherlock sprawled on the sofa deep in thought. Mind palace then. That wouldn’t do.
John stepped closer, causing Sherlock to back up until he hit the wall. “And then what happened, you brilliant arse?”
The sound of a body hitting the ground is a horrible thing. It’s not quite a thud like you hear in the movies. It’s the sudden and complete stop of a living thing being hurled at great force. It’s going to make more than a thud. Whatever sound it makes, John will never forget the time Sherlock’s body made it.
“John. I- I love you.” Sherlock leans over, resting his head on John’s, silent sobs racking through his body.
Sherlock settled in next to him, their bodies close enough to be nearly snuggling. “Just a Christmas show. I watch it every year.” Not exactly a lie, Sherlock supposed.
“Stay.” John punctuated his words with a quick kiss to Sherlock’s lips. He pulled back briefly before diving in again, tilting his head and touching his tongue to Sherlock’s bottom lip. Sherlock sighed, melting into John’s embrace. John immediately took advantage, licking into Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock’s sighs quickly turned to moans as their tongues rubbed together, the kiss becoming needier, more hungry.
So HLV always gets me right in the heart. Sherlock's tears on the plane kill me every time. That's where this came from. Forgive me.
“Oh yes, Sherlock. I want to take you apart in so many ways.” John looked at Sherlock from under her lashes as she worked further down Sherlock’s body. “This is just the beginning.”
“John approached me not long after the Magnussen affair,” Mycroft begins, twirling the handle of his umbrella in his hands. “He was upset by what he had found on the memory stick.”
Sherlock is panting against the side of his neck. “Now you,” he breathes, resuming his ministrations on John’s swollen cock.
Sherlock could hear Greg laughing, Molly’s giggle joining in. “Come on,” Greg called again, “it’s tradition, it doesn’t mean anything, just kiss him.”
Sherlock waved his hand as if to say “of course”, and John sat, pulling his leg up to face Sherlock.
“Oh.” John turned to look at Sherlock, rubbing the back of his neck. “I’m just used to having you around, I guess. There was no one to scream at the telly.”
Even already flushed, John could see Sherlock’s blush deepen, the red blossoming from his cheekbones outward. It was incredibly endearing. He moved up Sherlock’s body, pressing soft tender kisses, meant to soothe rather than arouse, until he reached his mouth. He sucked Sherlock’s, frankly illegal, bottom lip into his mouth, lightly tracing his tongue along the edge. “Anything. You can have anything.”
“Sherlock!” Molly laughed “We’ve done it three times now. It’s perfect. If it gets any more perfect, we’ll frame it.” She giggled at her own lame joke.
, he thinks, as his cock gives a twitch. He leans up and presses a tender kiss to Sherlock’s lips, once, twice, before pulling away.
“Fuck yes.” John thrust his hips upward, and Sherlock gasped. In retaliation, Sherlock pulled almost all the way out then pushed back in slowly, expertly rolling his hips.
“John,” Sherlock breathed. John moaned, the sound muffled by Sherlock’s skin. The two of them were still making a pretense of dancing, there was some movement, but any further and it was going to cross into public indecency.  John slid his hands off Sherlock’s cock, causing Sherlock to whimper in protest, and spun him around. Sherlock’s eyes were blown, nearly all pupil, his chest heaving. John reached up and threaded his hands through those curls he’d dreamed of touching for so long and pulled his head down, until his lips were just a breath away. “You want this?”
“And brilliant. You solved that case in two hours. Flat. It’s amazing watching you work, you know. And incredibly, incredibly arousing.”
Sherlock stiffens. “John,” he cries, his hand on John’s prick going still as he pours his release over John’s skin, hot, and sticky and perfect.
Sherlock leans up on his elbows. “John?” But if he thought John is stopping, he is wrong. John is pulling off his vest and pants, until he stands before him gloriously naked, and Sherlock’s mouth goes dry. “You’re exquisite,” he whispers, proud he can still form words.
John ponders this speech for a minute. He briefly considers telling Sherlock to do exactly that, to get the hell out of his bed and back to his own, that he is perfectly capable of sleeping alone, thankyouverymuch, but then he realizes that no. No he’s not. And ever since Sherlock walked into the room, his breathing has gone back to normal. Plus, Sherlock in his bed just looks...right. Sherlock nestles into the pillow, his eyes focused on John’s, and John feels a warm tingle begin in his chest and spread throughout his body.
Sherlock leaned into John’s touch, closing his eyes, and rubbing his face along his palm, almost cat-like. It was too good to be true. John wanted him. Had wanted to kiss him. Did he still? He forced his eyes open and shifted nearer to John on the bed, unfolding his legs and moving closer until their faces were nearly touching.
John reaches out and grabs Sherlock’s left hand, kissing the platinum band nestled snugly there. “Home,” he says, entwining their fingers.
“You shot Sherlock. You killed- why? How? How could you do that to him? To me?” John’s voice is so quiet, it is hard to make out in the empty space. “You never answered me, Mary. Why?”
“Yes, John.” Sherlock sighed, snuggling down into John’s chest. “Could you...hold me a little longer?”
John pulls back, waiting until Sherlock lowers his head to look him in the eye. “It’s always you, Sherlock.” He trails one hand down Sherlock’s neck, down his chest, swirling his pointer finger around the hardened nub of Sherlock’s nipple through his shirt. “I didn’t think you -”
Sherlock opens his eyes to find John’s blue ones smiling and mischievous above him. He chuckles, tracing his finger across John’s eyebrow. “I see. And which time was better?”
“Oh John, ever the soldier.” She gives a mocking laugh, glancing in Sherlock’s direction as he moves closer to the tableau, “Queen and country. How quaint.”
The shout rings out, loud and harsh, as the rat-a-tat of artillery fire explodes around him. John turns toward the anguished yell, hoping that this time, God please this time, don't let him find -
“John,” Sherlock cried, as John’s fist closed around them. “I’m not going to - oh, god.” He arched into John’s hand, his cock pulsing thick and hard as his came, pulse after pulse shooting between them.
John paced the floor, checking his phone for the third time in the past hour. Still no word. No sign, no text, calls, nothing from Sherlock.
At that moment, Sherlock hears the door open, Mary turns to look, and a startled gasp escapes her lips. Thank god for Mycroft’s impeccable timing, Sherlock thinks. He does love to be dramatic.
“Yes, the two aren’t mutually exclusive. You hid this from me, for all this time. Did you ever think that I’d love to see this part of you, see what you liked, what you enjoyed? You came to my practices, cheered me on, did you not think I’d do the same for you?”
Telling Mary he forgave her was the biggest. As if he could ever forgive the person who tried to take Sherlock away from him again. But he said the words he had rehearsed and then moved back in with her on Christmas day. The same day Sherlock decided it would be a brilliant idea to shoot a man in the head. In John’s mind, they both went to prison that night - one of their own making.
“John, that’s it. I’m here,” Sherlock panted, his hips stuttering as his own orgasm threatened to overtake him.
John settles down onto his side facing Sherlock and closes his eyes, trying to relax enough to fall back asleep. As soon as he does however, he sees those sharp cheekbones, bloodied and broken, blood seeping from that pale temple as he lies on the concrete. John lets out a low whine, and instinctively reaches out his hand to touch that wrist, one last time…
John could only stare, mouth agape as Sherlock and blondie made their way to the dance floor. His mouth closed with a click and a clench of his jaw when blondie’s hand trailed from Sherlock’s shoulder to the swell of his arse.
Sherlock isn’t sure how long he sat there after Molly left. Thoughts of John and the night before kept playing in his mind. John’s fingers on his skin, John’s earnest face as he’d asked him to the show, the sad smile and pain-filled eyes as he left. He should tell him. He should. But then thoughts of other past friendships came to mind. Victor and Seb, taunting him, pushing him, setting fire to his ballet slippers, chants of “freak” echoing in his brain. Bloody noses and fingers, tears and heartbreak.
His voice roused me from my maudlin thoughts, and sighing, I had flung myself out of my bed and dressed quickly, ready to follow the madman on our next adventure. From that moment, there was no chance to rest as Holmes traipsed us up and down the English countryside. In the end, as always, Holmes proved triumphant. There was a moment, a fleeting breadth of a second where I had longed to pull him to me, for watching him in the midst of his investigations never fails to bring about a rise in affections for this beautiful man. But instead, I only had language to explain the heated emotions coursing through me.
“Oh, Sherlock - yes, yes, FUCK, YES!” He roars, his orgasm sweeping through him hard, his vision going black temporarily with the force of it.
He turned to put his violin back in his case, listening to the roar of “Oh’s” and “Aw, c’mon mate’s,” from the others in the room. But it was John’s face that stuck in his mind. He seemed almost disappointed.
Sherlock’s breath catches in his throat, and his cock throbs where it is trapped in his trousers.  “Yes, please.”
John growled and pressed his hips forward, filling Sherlock’s hand with his length, subtly flicking his hips. Sherlock trailed his fingers upwards, lightly tracing the outline of his length through the material before deftly undoing John’s flies enough to slip his hand in and grasp John’s cock. John gasped and bucked his hips, reaching behind Sherlock to brace himself on the headboard. The angle was all wrong, but Sherlock couldn’t care less, it was enough he was touching John. He ran his thumb through the slit, wiping away the bead of pre-come gathered there. He couldn’t resist a moment longer, he pulled his hand out of John’s pants, and sucked his thumb into his mouth, closing his eyes and moaning at the musky taste of John.
John looked into those pale eyes and he knew, suddenly what the answer was, what he wanted. “Sherlock, I’d like to stay for good. Forever, if you’ll have me.”
He moved down Sherlock’s torso, stopping to nip and suck at his ribs, his navel, relishing in the feel of Sherlock’s hard cock pressing into him as he moved ever lower. John hooked his fingers under the waistband of Sherlock’s pajama pants, and slid them down. Sherlock raised his hips enough to help, and they untangled themselves enough to finally remove the garment, tossing it over the side to join the towel in a heap on the floor.  Once freed, Sherlock threw a leg over the side of the couch and John stretched out between his spread thighs, laying fully on his stomach. He looked up at Sherlock through his lashes, holding his gaze as he nibbled up the inside of his right thigh, his tongue tracing the dip where thigh met groin.
“Oh I think I might.” And just because he could, because he was allowed, he bent his head and captured John’s mouth again, their tongues twisting, the kiss hot, but not hungry, a fire held in reserve for now.
John rolls off of Sherlock, and lays next to him on the floor, shoulders touching as he catches his breath. Now that the adrenaline has worn off, he realizes their current situation. The canvas is sticking to his sweaty back, and he supposes he should go and get something to clean them both off, but he can’t really be arsed to move at the moment. He didn’t quite expect to end up as a sweaty, sticky heap on the sitting room floor, but he can’t really complain. He may have to send a thank you letter to Hasbro.
John shifted her body so that she was facing Sherlock, her hand lying palm up in the empty space between their bodies. Tentatively, Sherlock reached out and threaded her fingers through John’s. At the first press of that contact, John exhaled low and soft, and for the first time since Sherlock entered the room, a small smile was evident on her beautiful mouth.
But then Sherlock met John. A beautiful dichotomy of a man John Watson is. He is one who can flow with the energy Sherlock creates, but also knows the value in slowing things down, cherishing the moment. A man quick to anger, but just as quick to laughter. From the moment they met, John is the one person who both challenged Sherlock and quieted him, someone worth slowing down for.  That is not to say that Sherlock is not still restless, not still a whirling ball of fire his body struggles to maintain, but rather that he takes the time now to appreciate things he missed before. And John is teaching him other things as well. The meaning of many words he’d long since forgotten he had a use for.
He steps closer to the bed, the incessant beeping of the monitors a reassurance that John’s heart is beating healthy and strong despite its ordeal. Like before, he reaches out one finger to touch John, light brushes against his hand where it lays on the bed. It is enough to convince him that John is still alive, and that is enough, for now.
,” Sherlock cries, his back arched off the floor, come coating John’s fingers and belly as he crests through his orgasm. That beautiful body, taut like a bow, lost in ecstasy is enough to push John to the edge.  He sits up, leaning over Sherlock’s prone form, using Sherlock’s release as an extra lubricant as he fucks into his fist.
“What you didn’t anticipate, Mycroft, is that he wasn’t going to allow her to hurt me. It was me she was aiming at. I didn’t expect his interference, either,” Sherlock adds quietly, returning his gaze to the window and finishing his cigarette.
“I know! I know, okay. It was a bit not good. He probably thinks- Oh god, do you think? He thinks I have another date.”
As many times as he’d imagined this moment, he found he was not prepared for this, the feeling of John, in his bed, kissing him with such abandon. The feel of John’s hands threading through his curls, his lips trailing kisses down his jaw, his neck. It was delicious, and heady, and Sherlock needed more.
Sherlock face transforms into John’s favorite smile. The one he knows is only for him, has only ever been for him. Sherlock reaches out his hand and strokes John face, a gentle glide of fingertips that sends goosebumps down John’s body.
The fury in his tone makes Sherlock suck in a breath. He never realized that John thought Magnussen was for her. For Mary. Never for Mary. After all this time, how can John not know that Sherlock did that for him? To protect him, to keep his family, the life he had built for himself, safe? For his child, who Sherlock truly believed existed. And maybe, if Sherlock is being honest, it had something to do with the humiliation to which John had been subjected. Anger such as he had never known seized him, watching those slimy hands touching John. Taunting John. It was too much to be borne. Magnussen was one murder Sherlock cannot say he regrets dealing out.
John smiled, leaning closer to place his hand on Sherlock’s cheek, like he had done earlier, his fingers pressing ever so slightly into inky curls at Sherlock’s nape. “Someone special. I’d hoped to catch him in a private moment. Just the two of us. The mistletoe was just a convenient excuse.”
“I spin, you do as I say.” John thinks he sees a slight widening of those pale grey eyes at that, just for a fraction of a second, before it is shut down.
After discharge John wanted nothing more than to get back to Baker Street and relax, maybe take a hot shower, optimistically hoping for a shared one. But after exiting the cab, he quickly realized Sherlock was not right behind him as he usually was, John turning just in time to see him leave in the cab without a word.
He reaches John’s side and begins to inspect the damage. At first, nothing looks amiss,  no visible wounds in the lower extremities, or thankfully, in the head. John seems to be merely passed out, lying on his back, eyes closed, gun still cradled in his hand. Sherlock reaches out and removes the weapon, slipping the safety on before tucking it into the pocket of his coat. In case the police do show up, he doesn’t need any additional trouble. Not that he couldn’t get Mycroft to smooth things over with Lestrade, but still the extra worry is not necessary at the moment.
From that very first night, every happy moment is wrapped in you. I’ve loved you, John, so long, and so much. My sole regret is that I never told you in words what you meant to me, and now I will never have the chance again.
Mary’s laugh rings out across the empty space, cold and shrill. Sherlock hates her laugh, has always hated it. It never fails to send a cold chill down his spine, a tingle of fear and repulsion traveling in its wake. Was there ever any warmth in that laugh, in that woman? If there was, there certainly isn’t now. There is certainly nothing warm about the reptilian tilt of her head as she angles her gun at him, dressed for the occasion in her black assassin gear. Gear, he notes ruefully, that fits much better now that she’s shed the fake belly, the pregnancy just another ploy in her game.
Sherlock watches rapt as John dries his hair, his mouth watering as he watches one drop of water make its way from John’s shoulder, over his nipple, down that broad chest, and settle in his navel. He aches with the desire to drop to his knees in front of John, trace the trail of that drop with his tongue, lick it off his skin. He longs to learn John’s taste mixed with sun, sweat and sand. Sherlock bites down hard on his lower lip, but not before a sound, that was decidedly not a whimper, escapes from his mouth.
“You are staying, aren’t you, Sherlock?” He’d asked, trailing his fingers down Sherlock’s shoulder and lightly squeezing his bicep before pulling away to wrap around his own goblet. Sherlock had frozen, his pulse racing. Unable to speak around the sudden lump in his throat, he had taken a sip of his wine and nodded.
Mary gloated then like the proverbial cat. “He probably wants to detox in peace, dear,” she’d crooned. John couldn’t answer her. He didn’t trust himself to speak.
John shook his head. “No.” He sat up, kissing up Sherlock’s neck, nipping along his jaw. John took his earlobe between his teeth, pulling gently, swirling his tongue around the tip. He shifted forward a bit more so he could whisper in Sherlock’s ear.  “No. I want you to watch. As you open me up for you. I want you to fuck me.”
,” Sherlock moaned, releasing John’s cock to grasp him firmly by the hips and slam harder into John’s body. There would be bruises and he would surely feel this in the morning, but John really couldn’t care less. Sherlock gave one final hard thrust and came, yelling John’s name in a low growl that almost made John wish for another round. Sherlock collapsed boneless on top of him, breathing hard, while John pressed small kisses to his temple. After a minute, he rolled to his side, and John rolled with him, needing to stay as close as possible.
John can’t help it. He laughs. He laughs like it is the funniest joke he’s ever heard. But there’s no joy in it. All of it, all of the pain he felt watching Sherlock bleed out on the floor of that office comes rushing back, and he can’t control it. Can’t stop it from bubbling up past his lips and echoing in the empty space. Frightened. As if she could ever be.
The next morning John woke feeling refreshed and content, and made his way downstairs. The flat was quiet, Sherlock’s door still closed. John took a minute just to soak up the fact that he was back here in 221B, the place he always considered home. Smoothing his fingers along the back of his chair, he realized that the flat he shared with Mary was just that. A flat. Never a home. Never he place he felt whole.
John squeezed Sherlock tighter. There would be time in the morning for conversation, time for John to tell Sherlock that he was truly the one who was thankful. To tell him that couldn’t imagine a better parent for Amelia. To tell him that he was loved, well, and truly. But for now, there was time for this. Time for the feel of this man underneath his fingers, his heart beating against John’s chest. Yes, John didn’t know what to expect when he came back to Baker Street, but he’s glad it was better than he imagined.
“I’m sure I do not know, however, he was quite adamant that you be kept in the dark of his involvement. For your protection, I believe,” Mycroft adds, as an afterthought.
Turning around again, we moved towards the kitchen, maneuvering around John’s chair before John stopped him, gently grabbing his arm. The warmth of even that small touch hot as fire where it rested against his skin.
John threw his head back, his hips instinctively thrusting upwards. Sherlock backed off a bit, tonguing the slit, and wrapping a hand around the base as he began to work in a steady rhythm. He sank down lower on John’s length as his slick finger trailed over John’s perineum to circle the entrance to his body. John groaned as Sherlock teased, lightly rubbing the furled muscle as he kept a steady pace with his mouth on his cock. Slowly, Sherlock pressed in and John sucked in a breath. He hadn’t done this much before Sherlock, but once they had tried it, John realized how much he enjoyed the feeling of Sherlock’s fingers in him, those violinist’s hands playing him like the finest instrument he’d ever known. John shifted further down on the bed, causing Sherlock’s finger to sink into the first knuckle and both men moaned. The vibration around his cock caused a fresh spike of arousal to course through John, and he knew he wasn’t going to be able to sustain this slow torture for much longer.
Sherlock seems to be similarly affected. With each command, the flush of that pale skin grows impossibly deeper, those pale eyes darkening to a smoky green. Sherlock is breathing harder than normal, and from this vantage point, John can tell his pulse is elevated. John wonders what he’d do if he flipped them right now, crawled over his body and pressed his lips to that gorgeous mouth.
I love you, Sherlock. I always will. No one can ever mean to me what you did. No one. Please wherever you are, know that.
“Or maybe go for a walk? It’s nice outside.” John was decidedly not looking at the couch. Not watching Sherlock pout prettily as he pondered his next move. He had to bite his lip to keep from laughing.
“I got the green curry you like,” he said, setting it down in front of Sherlock. “And I expect you to eat it, this time, no excuses.”
John leaned up on his toes and pressed kisses to Sherlock’s cheekbones, first one then the other. “I’d be honoured to. But after, I’m going to take you back to the flat for a true celebration.”
Blissfully they pulled up at the curb in front of 221b before much more could occur, which is a close thing, because honestly John was about to attack Sherlock again, cabbie or no. They climbed out, and John tossed enough money at the cabbie to make him forget what he saw. Sherlock fumbled with the door, and John couldn’t resist, pressing up against that lanky body and wrapping his arms around his waist to palm at Sherlock’s cock through his trousers. Sherlock growled, finally getting the door open and they surged inside, Sherlock immediately spinning around and claiming John’s mouth. John moaned into the kiss, and pushed Sherlock until his back hit the wall, pressing his body against his until they were connected thigh to chest. Sherlock snaked his hands around John’s hips to grab at John’s arse and pull him closer, bending his knees slightly to align their erections. He whimpered into John’s mouth when John sucked his lower lip between his teeth and bit lightly, his hips rutting against Sherlock’s of their own accord. John broke away, needing to have that neck under his mouth, his tongue.  It tasted just the way he always imagined, musky and sweet, and slightly tangy, just like the man himself. He pressed open mouthed kisses down that long column, pausing to suck a mark into pale skin. Sherlock tilted his head to the side and grabbed at John’s head, threading his fingers through his hair.
John watched the flush creep over Sherlock’s cheeks, endearing and arousing all at once. He loved it when Sherlock lost himself to pleasure, let his instincts take over. It was the headiest feeling in the world. John wanted to push him.
“John,” Sherlock whispered when they parted again, “I have to make an appearance at the party. But I was hoping, well, would you accompany me, as my date, perhaps?”
Sherlock spreads his legs wider, his arousal building higher and higher in his belly. “Yes, John,” He moans, throwing his head back as John lightly circles his hole. Oh god, does he want this. He shifts his hips lower, causing John’s finger to slip in, both of them groaning at the intrusion, before John sinks his mouth back down on his cock.
Sherlock gulped, his breathing coming just a tiny bit quicker. John chuckled. Yes, this was definitely an interesting turn. He stepped closer, eyes never leaving Sherlock’s face as he called him a mad bastard, told him he was going to clean up the flat, his mess, all in the thickest brogue he could muster.
John ran his tongue over the mark he’d left before continuing. “I have dreams about your arse. Did you know? Before we were together I was terrified you’d catch me looking at it. Wondering what it’d feel like under my hands, pressed up against me. What it would taste like. Oh god Sherlock, sometimes…” John sucked hard on Sherlock’s jaw, moved up to nibble his ear again. He pitched his voice low, whispering his deepest fantasies directly into Sherlock’s skin.
“Well,” Molly smiled, “Greg just happens to be John’s teammate, and he says John has mentioned a certain someone he’s been trying to make a move on. A certain brilliant someone, with dark curly hair and piercing green eyes.”
The truth is, I was a fucking coward, Sherlock. And I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. Because I was too afraid to try. To try for something better than we had. To see if those nights by the fire with takeaway, your legs brushing mine, your slow smiles could become something more.
“I’m sick of being a pawn in everybody’s bloody games, Sherlock. Especially yours,” John snarls and sees Sherlock’s face crumble, just the tiniest bit. The facade cracking.
Mary isn’t answering, staring at John with her head titled to the left in that manner of hers, like she can read every secret thought, a smug, mocking smile playing on her pouted lips. She glances at Sherlock, the smile tugging at one corner of her mouth, until suddenly she can’t contain it, a giggle spilling out of her frame. Sherlock is shocked by the innocence of the sound, if her eyes weren’t cold steel on his he could almost buy it.
Sherlock growled low in his throat, disentangling himself from John’s embrace to move back down his body. John leaned up again to watch as Sherlock, eyes on his, pressed one slick finger to his entrance. John sighed and spread his legs wider as Sherlock’s finger circled his hole. Sherlock leaned down and sucked John’s cock back into his mouth as he pressed in. John cried out, the feeling of Sherlock in him and around him overwhelming. He pressed in farther and John rocked back wanting more.
To test the waters, Sherlock had suggested a movie night, to which John readily agreed. Sherlock had queued the ballet on the telly and plopped down next to John on the sofa.
John pulls off. Sherlock is breathing hard, and his legs are threatening to give out. “Yeah, love, I know. Strip.” John orders, standing up and removing his own jeans.
Sherlock breaks away, “Shower?” he pants, moving to sit up. “I’d like to keep the mat in decent condition. After all, you owe me a rematch. You cheated.”
“Your boyfriend. You haven’t heard from him all evening. Usually he texts you when he finishes his shift, but he hasn’t this evening, and that was two, no three hours ago, hence the reason you have your mobile open and unlocked right on top of the desk. You also haven’t heard from your best friend all evening, and she was supposed to ring by at suppertime. You’ve suspected for some time that they were having an affair behind your back, quite right too. If you left on break now, you just may catch them at it.” Sherlock finishes with a smug expression, hands stuffed in the pockets of his coat. She’ll either slap him or… yes, there she goes.
He leads Sherlock to the recovery room, opening the door so he can step inside. John is the only patient in the room at the moment, a fact that pleases Sherlock considerably. Oberhauer gestures towards the bed, “Five minutes, for now.” Then he steps out of the room, closing the door behind him.
He scans the area where he was just standing, looking for the familiar figure and what he sees causes panic such as he has never known to rise in his chest. Because crumpled on the ground not three feet from where he fell is the prone figure of John Watson.
“Mmph,” Sherlock grunted. They lay there for a moment, each trying to remember how to breathe. “John?”
John picked up his pace, relishing in the sounds he was coaxing from Sherlock’s body. Each pass of lips over unexplored flesh produced a sigh, each nibble, a moan, each press of tongue, a growl. John loved every sound, driving him on, pictiching his arousal higher, stretching the limits of his control. He pushed his tongue in, breaching the furled muscle, groaning as Sherlock’s body pulled him in.
“I need to feel you tonight,” he whispered, turning his head a pressing a kiss to John’s palm, “I need to know you’re safe and whole.”
“Again, the good doctor surprised me. He called me. Apparently he had worked out what Mary was up to, and wanted to alert me to what was happening. He was understandably irate when I had to tell him I already knew.”
His love. Sherlock stops pacing and slumps on the floor, wrapping his arms around himself. He feels lost, adrift in fear. He’d lost John to Mary, but at least he’d have a spot, a place in his life, fulfill a role. Be a mate, a best friend. But now, now what is left for him? If John dies, all the light in Sherlock’s life will be extinguished. His conductor of light. He doesn’t think he can survive it.
“Oh,” John breathed. “Oh! That explains-,” John shook his head. “I’m - right. Well.” Sherlock felt the warmth leach away as John removed his hand. “Sorry, I didn’t realize.”
John stretches back down on top of Sherlock, and presses kisses along his neck and jaw, pausing to suck a bruise where the shoulder meets the neck. Sherlock arches his back and moans, his hands coming up to rest on John’s head. John moves further back to the skin behind Sherlock’s ear and bites down, and Sherlock arches his pelvis, rutting his hard length against John’s thigh. Sherlock’s hand tangles in John’s hair, and he pulls him up to crush their mouths together in a savage kiss, their tongues tangling, wet and hot and perfect. John’s hands go to Sherlock’s curls to hold him steady while he ravishes his mouth, licking inside and sucking that gorgeous top lip between his teeth and biting gently. John can’t remember a time when a kiss affected him so much, but he’s harder than he’s ever been and desperate for some friction on his aching cock. He moves his hips so that their erections align and groans out loud at the velvet slide of Sherlock’s cock against his own.
Truth be told, I went in search of him just as often, seeking to quell the desire that lay between us during our waking hours, desire that for propriety and our own safety must be carefully hidden away and confined to darkened rooms in our flat. How I longed to have him beside me always, be permitted to caress those defined cheekbones, pull that lithe body close, press my kisses across those lips whenever the desire struck me. But, society dictates it not to be so, and we must confine ourselves to the roles of Detective and Doctor, friends and consultants, never more while the sun is alight.
John gives a mirthless laugh. “I suppose I have the two of you to thank for that,” he says, waving his hand between Mary and Sherlock.
“Ye-yes,” Sherlock whispered back, glad his voice only broke the tiniest bit. “It’s been lovely, John, but really, I am rather knackered.”
He’d tried once to bring it up in a roundabout way. Last Christmas, the dance department was presenting their annual production of The Nutcracker, and Sherlock had landed a part in the ensemble. Sherlock had wanted badly to invite John to the performance, to have someone there for him in the audience, as his brother was “far too busy to be watching amateur dance” and his parents were away. He would have thrilled to see John watching him, to see him in his element, Sherlock as proficient on stage as John was on a field.
“Sherlock...just...please.” John hated how broken his voice sounded in the darkness of the room. But he couldn’t help it. He had the worst feeling that if he eased his hold one bit, Sherlock would vanish, be gone forever.
He opened his eyes again to find John’s hot on his, heavy lidded and smouldering. Sherlock pulled his thumb out of his mouth with an obscene pop, and John’s eyes narrowed further, his breathing heavy. As if a switch was flipped, John attacked his mouth, sucking on Sherlock’s lips, his tongue. He pushed Sherlock fully down on the bed, and settled on top of him, once again bringing their erections together. Sherlock could only hang on for the ride as John undid the fastenings to his trousers, lifting his hips enough so John could pull them down and free his cock. John wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s penis and Sherlock cried out, arching up into John’s hand, the pleasure too much to bear.
The flat was bursting with music, laughter, and noise. Fairy lights draped artfully over the mantle and wrapped loosely around the enormous pine tree nestled in the corner of the sitting room. The scent of mulled wine mixed with Mrs. Hudson’s mince pies filled the air, overlaid with the lower notes of smoky warmth emanating from the fireplace. John called it ‘festive’.
“Fuck, Sherlock,” John grated, smearing kisses against Sherlock’s cheeks, his neck. He reached down and grabbed Sherlock’s thigh, encouraging him to wrap his leg around John’s hip.
Sherlock surreptitiously wipes his eyes before turning to glare at his brother. “You and I need to have a discussion, I think.”
“You, god Sherlock, your mouth, I thought of it all day.” He peppers kisses down Sherlock’s neck between his words, biting down under his jaw.
The rest of the rant was cut off by John’s mouth, lips sliding tenderly across Sherlock’s once, twice, three times before pulling away. John rested his forehead on Sherlock’s, threading his fingers into inky curls.
Sherlock can only nod, lost under the pleasure from John’s talented mouth. John moves lower, laving and nipping at each spinal joint, biting lightly at the swell of Sherlock’s arse. He moves lower, his hands grabbing the the plump flesh and pulling his cheeks apart, bending down to lick a broad stripe up the crack.
“Don’t you dare. As a matter of fact,” Sherlock opened his eyes and shifted, wrapping his arms around John’s shoulders and pulling. “Oomph. Lord you’re heavy,” he grunted as John’s full weight landed on top of him.
“Christ, Sherlock, you feel incredible,” John moans, rocking his pelvis upwards to align their erections.
I find myself here again. I don’t want to be, but it seems I can’t keep myself away. I feel you here. Christ, I feel you everywhere, really, but it’s the strongest here. I can hear you, muttering over some experiment. Chattering away excitedly over some random fact you want to share, your beautiful eyes sparkling with excitement. You looked so gorgeous in those moments, you know. You would look at me and it took every ounce of effort not to go to you, pull you close, run my fingers through your silky hair. To touch my lips to yours to see if they were as soft as they looked. To finally admit the things I’d been hiding for so long. But like the sodding idiot I am I would look away, break that mesmerizing hold and the moment would pass.
“Just because some of us have a love life. Speaking of which, how is yours coming along? How is John? Have you told him yet?”
Sherlock executes a move with all the grace of a dancer, and suddenly he is faced upwards, still under John, holding himself up in a backwards crab stance, arm and leg muscles straining to keep him upright. The move also does two things that John cannot help but notice. They are now facing one another, their mouths mere inches from the other’s, and because of the positions of their lower halves, John is more or less resting between Sherlock’s spread thighs. Ok, the move makes one more thing apparent to John. Sherlock is not unaffected by their positions either. John closes his eyes and lets out a small groan when he feels Sherlock’s answering hardness against his hip.
Sherlock laughed, the full-bodied booming laugh that was reserved only for one person. “I said insults, John, not fantasies.”
Sherlock laughed, a full belly laugh that had John jiggling as he lay on his Sherlock-shaped perch. John joined in, resting his head on his hands atop Sherlock’s chest and just watching the mirth play over Sherlock’s features.
Then there’s the wedding itself. Sherlock knows what he said in his toast. He knows that he told John right there how he felt, laid bare for the whole room to see. But John, beautifully unobservant John, didn’t see it for what it was. And by then, it was still too late. He and Mary were wed, man and wife, and no matter what Sherlock said, or desired, nothing would change that. It seems it is always too late for me, Sherlock thinks. I am always missing something, too slow.  And this time, it may have cost him everything. Perhaps Mycroft is right, caring is not an advantage. Sherlock wishes someone could explain it to his traitorous, newly healed heart.
“Oh.” And the hope was gone, replaced with the bitterness of disappointment and a touch of jealousy, if he had to name it. “So you were hoping to catch someone under that spot. Molly, I suppose? Or was it the DI? Funny, I didn’t think Geoff was your type, but no matter. Sorry you had to suffer with me.” Sherlock pulled his legs up tighter under him and turned his face away from John’s. So it was just a trick. And it wasn’t even meant for him.
“Sherlock. I think you’re being silly. Just tell him. I’m sure it will be fine, John likes you, I know it.”
The sound of John choking out his name snaps him out of his fantasy. He had been so lost that he missed the sound of the water shutting off. He snaps open his eyes to see John standing beside the sofa, towel loosely draped across his hips. Sherlock freezes, mortified at being caught. He could try to talk his way out of it, John should understand, given his usual wanking habits in the shower, but something in John’s demeanor stops him.
John giggled, his deep-blue eyes locking onto Sherlock’s. “Maybe it just sounds better when you do it.”
Looking back, he should have known then that Mary was not what she seemed. So quick to take Sherlock’s side. “I like him,” she'd said as the taxi pulled away from the final restaurant from which they’d been thrown. She was quick to try and talk John around to seeing Sherlock again. She was nearly desperate in her attempts, questions of “Don’t you miss him?” “Don’t you want to know where he’s been all this time, what he’s been doing?” That was the one question that she focused on. At the time, he’d thought she was truly concerned for John and his grief. But after he’d read that flash drive, he realized why she was so concerned.
But John. John was different. Wasn’t he? Sherlock closed his eyes thinking of all the time he’d spent in his company over the two years they’d lived together. John getting on him to eat, making him watch those horrible action movies with him, nights spent huddled together in front of the telly. Dinners after rugby games, studying together, Sherlock helping John with his classes. John, with his jumpers and soft smiles and infectious giggles. Yes. John was different. And he was going to take the chance and tell him the truth. Tonight.
Sherlock has to lean forward to hear, his ear nearly pressed to John’s lips. “Scarf.” He whips off his scarf, and presses firmly on the wound, trying to staunch the flow of blood seeping from John’s body. He shifts so he is sitting on the cold floor beside John, taking John’s head and cradling it in his lap.
John looked down, watching his hand splayed on Sherlock’s ankle where it rested in his lap. Sherlock followed his gaze, admiring the dichotomy of John’s tanned flesh at contrast against his pale skin. They had never been so close before, so intimate. John began to move his fingers, butterfly kisses of touch, tracing in circles around his ankle bone, leaving flashes of electricity in their wake. He didn’t know if John was aware of his movements, but he didn’t dare mention it, in case he decided to stop.
John leans back against Sherlock’s chest, the warm, honey-scented water rippling around them both as his runs his hand up and down the outside of Sherlock’s thigh. John is pretty sure this spot, nestled between Sherlock’s legs with his arms wrapped around him, is the closest he could get to perfect. He tilts his head back and Sherlock leans down, brushing their mouths together in a sweet kiss. John breaks the kiss and turns back, resting his head on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Once nude, Sherlock crawled back over John’s body, straddling his hips, and bending down to nip at John’s ear.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, grabbing his fork and taking a bite. He’d never admit it out loud, but secretly, he loved it, John nagging over him. It made him feel cherished in a way that he hadn’t experienced in a very long time. It was another thing he loved about John, his caretaking nature.
Sherlock kissed him, hard, and desperate, his tongue delving into John’s mouth. John gave back as good as he got, and for a few moments, it was just this, lips and teeth and tongues, both of them panting into one another’s mouth. Sherlock broke away, cradling John’s head in his hands. “I want... what you said. Earlier,” he swallowed. “Did you mean it?”
Sherlock lets out a low whimper reading John’s words. Is this how he plans to repay his shower fun this morning? If so, he’s all for it. While he’s trying to formulate a response, another text comes in.
John ran his hands through Sherlock’s hair, not tugging, just holding, as Sherlock worked down his body, lavishing each patch of skin with his mouth. John loved him like this, loved when he took his time, turned his scientific focus onto John with laser precision. A nip here, a lick there, and Sherlock was suddenly between his thighs, his warm breath ghosting over his erection. John leaned up on his elbows to watch as Sherlock took him slowly into his mouth, those ever-changing eyes hot on his own, heavy lidded with desire. John couldn’t watch for long, the sensory overload too much, the wet heat of Sherlock’s mouth engulfing his cock, making him cry out.
As if by summoned by the power of John’s thoughts, the man in question sauntered out of his bedroom, long legs striding across the sitting room floor in four paces. He stopped in front of John’s chair, placing his hands on his hips and staring down at John.
How he had preened at such language. A delicate blush blooming in that beautiful face, as he knew the true meaning of my words. And how I would later tonight kiss each syllable into his flesh, inch by agonizing inch.
John startles awake, struggling to clear the remnants of the lingering dream from his brain. It had been so real, the vivid images still present when he closes his eyes. He is breathing hard and cursing his subconscious for betraying him. Because as much as he has tried to stop himself from imagining things, he can’t control his dreams, it seems.
Sherlock could hear some cheers and clapping from Molly and Greg, and even Mrs. Hudson, and suddenly it felt all too much like a game. A setup. And he needed to get away.
Leaning over, John lightly pressed his lips to Sherlock’s forehead, lingering softly, trailing butterfly soft down to one sharp cheekbone. John pulled back, starting again on the other side of Sherlock’s forehead, over one sculpted eyebrow, to the opposite cheekbone, John’s lips the only point of contact between them. He paused, breathing in Sherlock’s scent: tea, sandalwood, and a hint of smoke. Home. He moved lower, pressing kisses to Sherlock’s jaw, before reaching his neck. John smiled when he felt Sherlock tilt his head to grant him greater access.
“I heard you say my name,” he growls, before stepping into the room and slamming the door behind him.
From behind the closed door he could hear the sounds of a party suddenly going dead. Vague murmurs, John’s voice, scraps of dialogue reaching him where he huddled alone on his bed. He heard Greg clearly as he left the flat, “I’m sorry, John.”
Sherlock spreads his thighs wider, as John wraps one hand around his waist, the other threading into his curls. He begins to move his hips, undulations of his pelvis, each movement causing the heat to course through his veins and pool in his belly. He can hear John breathing heavily behind him, a litany of curses and praise escaping from his lips, his mouth messily smearing kisses over his shoulders. Sherlock can feel John getting closer, he wants to tip him over the edge, he bears down harder, adding a roll at the end and John’s orgasm crashes over them, filling him, his name cascading through the flat.
John stops his movements, pulling the towel back from his face. “Sherlock?” he asks, the concern evident in his voice. He wraps the towel around his waist and steps closer. “Are you alright, you look flushed.”
Sherlock tries to get his attention, but John is having none of it. “No!” John shouts pointing a finger in Sherlock’s direction. “No. I’ve had enough of your lies. Let someone else try,” he says pointing at Mary. “Go on.”
“You amazing creature. Tell me, what about you, hmm?” John noses his way down Sherlock’s neck, sucking hard at the junction of his shoulder, and Sherlock lets out a whine, his fingers gripping hard against John’s biceps, back, anything in reach.
Sherlock coaxes him through it, peppering soft kisses up his neck, and continues to stroke his softening cock until he is too sensitive. John melts back into Sherlock’s body, sated and boneless, and wonders how this man knows exactly the right way to please him.
John sucks in a breath and looks down. Sherlock waits for the denials, the “we’re not a couple”,  “I’m not gay”, “he doesn’t feel things like that” to start. Nothing comes. John is staring at the floor, his shoulders hunched. He looks utterly defeated, and Sherlock’s heart breaks even more. God damn Mary.
“Hmm. Strategy,” Sherlock smirks, pressing a kiss to John’s neck and darting inside the bathroom door.
Knowing what he did of Sherlock, seeing how he was with his daughter was eye-opening, to say the least. Sherlock didn’t actively seek her out, didn’t pick her up, change her nappy or anything of the sort, but he was softer. He moderated his voice when she was napping to keep from waking her. He started keeping all the nasty toxic experiments downstairs in 221C, which he rented specifically for that purpose. He was careful about allowing clients into the flat while she was present, preferring her to be at Mrs. Hudson’s. Little things that John noticed, each one threatening to overpower the slim hold he had on his feelings regarding his flatmate and friend. Each time Sherlock did something, well, nice, John was tempted to pull him into his arms, kiss those ridiculous lips, and tell him how bloody grateful he was to have him in his life. It was only a matter of time, really, until something bubbled over. And then where would he be?
Sherlock grabs John hard, spreads him open and dips his head, pressing his tongue flat against John’s hole, once, twice. John presses back, seeking more, and Sherlock thrusts his tongue in, closing his lips around and sucking at his hole. John lets out a long guttural moan, unconsciously moving backwards to seek more. Sherlock is relentless, piercing and laving at the trembling muscle, and John’s fist moves faster on his cock, until he is fucking himself between Sherlock’s tongue and his own hand. He can feel his orgasm barreling down on him, his thighs are shaking with the effort to hold himself upright. Sherlock tongue pushes even further in, and that does it, John’s orgasm explodes in ribbons on the shower wall, his moans filling the small room.
John looked up and caught Sherlock watching him, and Sherlock flushed, embarrassed to be caught out. John smiled and inched his fingers a bit higher, pressing harder, almost in an approximation of a massage. Sherlock had to bite his lower lip to keep from making an embarrassing sound at just how good it felt to have John’s hands on him. His legs and feet really were quite sore, and John’s touch was magic.
John grabs Sherlock by the hips and pulls him back, entering him with maddenly slow rolls. Sherlock tries to push back, to take him deeper, but John stops, holding Sherlock still, and he knows that this is still part of the revenge. So he waits, panting heavily, and John begins again, short thrusts, each one sinking further until he is fully seated. John leans back and Sherlock moves with him, practically seating himself in John’s lap.
John giggles and Sherlock joins in, laughing at the ridiculous games they play. But they both know they wouldn’t have it any other way. Sherlock gets up and pulls John up to him, kissing him gently and tenderly, dragging him toward the bedroom.
“Why? You want to know why? Because it was my job. Because I was paid to. But I’ll tell you something,” Mary eyes track from John to Sherlock, who has moved nearly to his shoulder. “I’d have done it for free.”
The next few days passed relatively the same, Sherlock returning later than usual in the evening, John questioning, and Sherlock deflecting each about his sudden lack of presence in the flat they shared. John seemed to be getting more agitated about his absences, and Sherlock had to stop himself several times from just blurting it out. Anything to take that look off John’s face, make him smile again.
John laid there remembering how to breathe, his heartbeat slowly returning to normal. He figured he should probably move, clean up a bit, but at the moment, he couldn't begin to muster up the energy. This, this is all he wanted. Sherlock, in his arms. And he didn’t ever want to let go. Sherlock squirmed a bit underneath him, and John moved off, slipping to the side and grabbing the nearest item of clothing, his pants, to clean off himself then passed it to Sherlock to do the same.  Sherlock tossed the pants over the bed, and rolled to face John. For all his bravado all evening, he suddenly looked small and unsure.
John tries to point towards his chest, but the pain seizes him at that moment, and he arches up, crying out. Sherlock grabs the lapels of John’s jacket, ripping open the buttons and throwing the jacket away from John’s body. John can feel Sherlock’s trembling hands as he unbuttons his cardigan and his shirt and exposes his torso. He wants to reassure him, tell him that it will be ok, but he’s not sure he has the strength.
