"Enough of this pretend shit," Dean said, tossing the foils aside. "Get out of that getup and into something where you can move. My dad didn't let me handle a weapon except on special occasions until I was ten, because he didn't want me dependent on them."
He ﬁnally saw his pants on the other side of the room folded on a chair. That was strange. Sam had long since given up on picking up after him. Oh well, maybe he'd had a ﬁt of tidiness overtake him while he was wasted last night. Because he remembered being drunk and getting called out by that waitress.
"It means you're irresistible to them because you do have good left in you, and you're vulnerable enough to fall for all their ploys. There's something very, very seductive about having that one tiny genius of theirs trained on you." The writer's slim, ink-stained hand grasped his warmly. "They can read the darkest parts of you like a book. And don't ever let anyone tell you that doesn't feel good from time to time."
"What does he have to do with this?" the angel asked frostily.
Living off plastic as he and his brother tended to do, there was no way that Sam could come up with the amount of cash that would equal the thousands of dollars being handed out by some shadowy government agency.
"The Holy Spirit Tabernacle is nondenominational. Her husband is a genuinely nice man, though not very worldly. It's the wife whose organizational talent helped build that parish into the biggest one in town, though he is a truly inspirational preacher."
“And number two, I actually don't understand phase three, no matter how many times you explain it to me."
"Is anyone going to clue me in on what exactly this change entails?" Bobby asked.
"I was eight, I think. Sam never even pretended to care, but I kind of got into it. Before I was allowed to hunt beyond the basics, it was a way for me to, how do you say, vicariously participate."
"Fair enough," Dean said and went back to his reading.
He was careful not to let onto anyone, especially Sam, but Dean didn't believe in one thing they did.
The angel reached out and grabbed hold of the man's shoulder. To Cas's surprise, Dean didn't wince at chemical reaction from hellﬁre rubbing up against the angelic, but the human tried to get closer.
Those unknown people, in addition to Adonis' broken bones, weighed on Dean's conscience. He had done those things—by falling in love when he shouldn't have, he'd hurt two great guys. He needed no more proof than that that he deserved neither of them.
"Don't worry about me my love. I'll be back before you know it. But help Dean. He's in desperate straits—we have a sort of bond, you see? Don't be angry my love, I know you have a great deal of affection for him, so if his mate is feeling upset at this most recent betrayal, please do what you can to help him."
Castiel looked hopeful. "I would like very much to touch your soul."
"Oh man, Dean, you got somebody's true love disintegrated after he waited over a century to get him back? That's cold, dude, how can you look at yourself?"
All of the angels had some responsibility in Heaven, but Etienne and Dean were the only two Nephilim who refused to take a place in the celestial bureaucracy. As two of the key players in the New Era, they hoped they could retire indeﬁnitely, the older man to make up for his many years of suffering, and Dean to avoid screwing anything else up.
It expressed more clearly than words the nascent human perspective of the lover whose angel-self Dean was coming to understand better every day.
He looked at the scowl facing him. "Is this a cultural difference between angels and humans, or something? Because I'm sure that I've heard Bobby talking about some of his weird Asian esoteric studies, and there's some paradox in Buddhism or Taoism or one of those isms. Like the universe is in a grain of sand and the grain of sand is in the universe? You can never cross the same river twice? All I mean is, I'm going to change, so you got to go with the ﬂow, with all of me, and hope that most of the pieces of me are pretty good, too. Fuck, they can't get worse than they've been."
“We've always gotten along, Dean—both irreverent bastards, perhaps--and I'd hate for you to let one day ruin our friendship," the libertine angel said. "You want to know why I endure those insufferable council gatherings? Because I don't trust anyone, not even the best-intentioned attempts to impose order. Neither I nor my partner do. Free spirits think alike, I suppose—"
Sam nodded unwillingly.
Castiel showed up at Remiel's ofﬁce, which was already a messy warren of scrolls and tomes after his short time in power.
Dean was nodding while he tried to recover from the irrational jealousy he felt about the bond he'd never thought of before between Castiel and his other human.
“Of course,” the laughter said. “Who else would it be?’
"I thought she got stood up?" Dean asked.
Dean actually hadn't heard of it but the message was clear—that person in there was three ﬂavors in one.
Nevertheless, Etienne didn't expect any more breaches in the strict conﬁdentiality of the mission, so he had decided to distract Dean with a chance to show off his skills.
Dean was going to enjoy falling like a grand piano on this kid who thought being tough was the same as dressing tough. The idiot didn't even have enough instincts to know how much danger he could be in. He needed to be brought down a notch.
Then he woke up. Alone. A quick inventory revealed not a mark on him, but that didn't matter with angels! Cas could've ridden him in more ways than one and erased the memory and the evidence. God Almighty! Why did he ever start messing around with angels? "We have work for you to do" my ass!
"Did you want to bleach your hair with Miss Clairol? We needed something that would show up." Sam was getting way too much enjoyment out of this. "At least now maybe the girls won't think you're square."
A growl came from the angel, who suddenly had the advantage, with his blade to Dean's solar plexus. "Watch your tongue, upstart," he said with real venom.
"There are shadows here," Etienne spoke for the ﬁrst time. "Everything is so rich and textured, with a depth to it that is absent in the Heaven I've seen. Sorry, my love," he turned to Balthazar.
"All I know is, you've got your own intuitions, brother. This was a major ﬁnd on your part."
The natural affectionate gestures between the couple seared Dean with an unexpected sense of loss. When he hid behind his virtues, though, he felt Cas' hurt at being cut off. Being in a relationship was hard work, and he still had so little experience.
"Thank God it's over," Dean whispered to Cas when everyone got up.
The hardened look had settled back on his brother's face, so Sam let him read. "Whatcha readin'?" someone said from the next table.
And having another person's physiology to mirror the terror in his own—Dean felt every ounce of his brother's fear resonate into his back.
The waitress appeared and poured three glasses of wine. Balthazar got up to whisper in her ear and the door was closed, whereupon the angel threw up a privacy sigil.
To anything.
"What did you and Etienne do today?" Castiel asked.
The roar seemed to put things back on normal footing, and the accountant scurried out.
"I don't mean to minimize his pain," Etienne nodded sadly. "We ﬁght—oh, what those walls of our room have heard! My Balthazar was always different from the blank-faced angels, I think. You should have seen the uniform he appeared to me in, the ﬁrst time I saw him in my dream! He thought a soldier’s garb would best explain his mission to me, but it was fairly obvious he was much more than a uniform, though the buttons and braid suited him just ﬁne."
"We were hoping you could clue us in on what the husband did, and what the equivalent of a bunch of roses would be for Mrs. Rain."
"I wouldn't put it past you, Aldous, to cook the books a little, like you did that time to convince me that you deserved a promotion." The head demon narrowed his eyes at the underling.
"You're the picture of loveliness, my sweet," Valac said with unusual directness. "And I want to show you off just as you are. Unfortunately, protocol requires dressing you, so put these on."
"I wish I could be of more assistance, but—"
"Thanks, man," he said to the small man standing nearby, who had known just when to stop.
"This isn't about me," Castiel was looking over his head.
"You think this is funny?" Dean fumed.
He should have learned from that bitch of a medium who used him to channel demons while he was still alive—with some dark creatures, they couldn't care less. They would never see their reﬂection, so trying to deﬂect their debasement back to them wouldn't work.
Dean looked around and saw that other people were similarly affected by the past appearing in the present. The hologram quickly moved on to another favorite, and people began dancing in earnest.
They chatted a bit about the best night spots in the Upper West Side and the driver let him off in the Seventies. "Best of luck to you my friend," the man said. "Everyone has someone out there waiting for them."
Dean nodded. "I know about all that. We talked about it before he left because the Nephilim are the only precedent for us: the Sons of God who came down and mated with the daughters of men. He even made a joke about it supposedly happening because the angels were so irresistibly handsome," he
"Do you want to accept that you keep doing stupid shit over and over again for no reason at all? 'Cause I've tried that idea on for size and it doesn't suit me one bit."
It was a rare time when his father paid enough attention to him to show him how to tune it up, helping him discover how much love you could ﬁnd in a machine. Dean remembered riding without a helmet, and discovering that that's what country roads were for on moonlit nights – no monsters necessary because you were already riding the danger, between your legs, faster, faster –
When he saw the being that Crowley had said, "had potential," the shivering beast, he stepped up again.
"We'll see if White Crow has the muscle to keep out uninvited visitors," Sam could hardly believe that he was free of that threat, "but at least I feel a little less like everyone in our camp is actually an enemy agent. I mean, we've got our tests now to root out possessed people, but still, we were vulnerable."
"This is the love I want to go on for millennia," his twin said with quiet emphasis. "Etienne was almost totally inexperienced when I met him, and I've had thousands of years to play the ﬁeld. The stupidest thing I could do right now would be to come down as a possessive prick."
“What we just saw—is that what Heaven looks like?” a demon asked the angel next to him.
Cas nodded. He had thought of the human as one of those gray cats striped like a tiger. "All right, Tiger," that raspy voice said.
"Look at you!" the angel said after he and Dean did that staring thing with their eyes that, up until now, was Sam's only reminder of this other transformation his brother kept telling him about. "Is this your ﬁrst time traveling on your own?"
The ﬁrst thing he did was take out the contacts. Staring into the rear-view mirror at the blue eyes set off by sharp cheekbones and the red hair he knew lay underneath the brown dye, he saw the spirit ﬂit back into place behind his eyes.
"Ugh! We've already decided that your boyfriend-thing is acting like the Wind, because he's whispering advice in your ear," Darla said to Dean. "At least, that's what you say it is. And the Wind is like, the most powerful thing around, just about. The Wind was in the First World, and it created the First Man and First Woman.
"No, but I'm making up for lost time, and so should you. A gentleman should be well-read." The second chain slid across his belly and Dean shivered. "And a concubine should read what his gentleman hasn't the time to read."
The two angels looked blank.
Cas' old vessel stood at the door to his apartment, looking as disheveled as ever. "I've been kind of wanting one last tour with an angel inside," he admitted. "Everything got crazy and maybe I didn't end things too well."
Sam's old English Lit professor once told a story about Wallace Stevens, who was an insurance salesman by day and poet by night. The other people in his carpool had discovered there was one particular exit on the way into the city where the man transformed twice a day. On one side of the exit, Stevens could only talk about insurance; on the other, he was all poet.
"Sure you wouldn't like something stronger?" Barry asked. "No matter, the alcohol is not the operative factor. Now answer the ﬁrst thing that pops into your head."
"Why? Where did you go?" He howled for several eternities. Crowley made him wonder what he'd done to have his master's attention withdrawn.
His uncle knocked back another quick one, evidently a reward to himself for ﬁnally imparting the bad news he'd been carrying around for months. He took in the gaunt and muscled nephew who suddenly looked like a stick that had been snapped in half.
"So the angels, I mean, the Holy People, they're not even the same kind of thing as the Sun," Sam cut in, ignoring the look from Darla.
Dean had long since stopped hoping to change anything about the way he felt about things. Drinking was now a gesture showing the world how little he cared about it. Someone offered him a joint and he waved it away with his stupid cheerful mittens.
To Dean's surprise, the other man merely looked at him in the eyes for a long moment.
The angel allowed a small amount of the tomato mixture to be tipped into his mouth. He caught someone else at the bar looking at the show of affection jealously. It was true, he had never had this, none of it, before Dean came into his life. Etienne was a ﬁne man and his twin's partner. If there was one safe ﬂirtation he could allow Dean, it was this one.
Etienne worked all this out in the few minutes it took to right himself from the moment of vertigo caused by the noise.
"You married?" the driver asked.
Two days ago, Balthazar had been interrogating one of the two most recent collaborators. Raphael was sitting there with the idea that they were going to harness this condition and learn how to mint more souls, even if some of the Heavenly Host had to become babbling idiots in the process.
"We've been ﬁnding that without Crowley and Lucifer there is quite the power vacuum down here. I, myself, believe I can remedy the ﬁrst vacancy, but for the second, well, there's just a certain cachet in having a titular leader who is a type of angel."
“Listen, man, we can keep beating our heads against the wall or call it a night. It looks like it'll keep."
That's all he was. It was a matter of pride, the demon told himself. Getting that "yes" from Dean Winchester had been a stunning coup, and he had devolved so prettily. Dean was now forever broken enough to remain useless for any cause, and very likely to drag anyone he met into that persistent Extra Deadly of his. It was a loss, certainly, to let that ass go, but Hell was nothing if not a sea of asses.
"Our brother is perhaps a bit too abrupt to succeed in diplomatic circles," Remiel observed.
"Yes," said one one-millionth of Dean that apparently meant more than all the rest of him that was rioting in impotent horror in his mind.
"Listen, man, they patched Cas up and then Balthazar swooped in to take over as nurse. He thinks the few words Cas activated from that book set him back so far he needs some kind of major angel antidote or he and his vessel aren't going to heal very fast."
“If you had dragged some stripper home from Vegas and called her your wife, she'd be family. And we know Cas a lot better than that. I would have set an extra place for him on Thanksgiving gladly."
"Angels used to gather and watch the humans attempt to harness the land or slaughter each other in a more orderly fashion. We watched them make a utilitarian vase into a thing of beauty. Saw them think beyond their own survival—sure to be short—to the next generation and the next, amassing knowledge so that the whole human enterprise advanced."
"You betcha, ma'am," he said, looking forward to the meal for a change.
It's not that there were blobs of the stuff hanging around heaven. As far as anyone had been able to determine, and the angels had millennia to consider it, Grace was like an angel's angel. The things humans complained about angels—that they didn't come when you called, that they had this big picture but refused to clue anyone else into it—were exactly what the angels reproached Grace for.
"What if he shoots one of those arrows at us?"
The angel was blushing furiously.
Dean was racking his brains, trying to translate what his eyes had seen about the topography of the room into what he might run into in the blackness.
As Cas warred between the urge to pick up his partner and the terror of harming him, Valac stared at the bond between the two. "How do you do that?" he asked in a wretched voice. "How do you make him better just by coming in the room?"
Emptying the cups in quick succession, there was still little hope that the beer would take the edge off, but it felt familiar going down.
"You're a rare breed. I can't wait to study you," Valac purred. "All the others are so predictable, you understand. Like all military creatures, if you have a whip and a boot they can enact their servitude rituals for hours. But you're not just experiencing a release. You're thinking of your lover. You have turned something you hold precious into the brutal catch-and-release that you require. You ruined it, and no one else."
"Big trouble, jokes that only angels can understand, who knows?"
"You have no idea," Dean replied. "I hate to break it to you sister, but that must have been some good shit you were smoking last night, 'cause Janis has been dead since 1970."
Dean listened to the two angels he knew best reminisce about Balthazar's pranks as they made way to one of the portals.
But he had quieted any upstarts with the incredible coups—ﬁrst, the sound technology to paralyze the angels, and second, getting a half-angel—a Winchester!—to say yes.
"Yes sir, I wanted to thank you for helping me," Dean stammered, not sure how to relate to a head of state who wasn't a total dick, like Raphael had been.
"You need to start heading off for home ports, Sailor. Do you need me to call you a cab?" the bartender asked. "That depends, Honey, how far do you live from here?"
"But still,” the doctor continued, “It's everything the concert organizers can do to keep the remaining people focused on having a good time and not on the fact that so many people have vanished."
Sam studied these lines the old woman drew in her spur-of-the-moment retellings, and was gathering that if you could make a case for something that satisﬁed yourself, the line drawn in the air became an actual plank to another section of the myth.
These weren't exactly Dean's kind of people, but underneath the dreadlocks and the body paint they were just people. And like everyone else in America, they were living as if they weren't under the shadow of the apocalypse, or the threat of a demonic plague.
"I get no pleasure from seeing your pain, Dean," said the ﬂat voice.
Here he nodded at the angel who had reappeared from his errand.
"What did you say?" Sam asked, half asleep.
She was short, about 5'2", with chin-length dark hair. She was wearing a short-sleeved white shirt over an army-green t-shirt, jeans, and rubber boots. Dean judged her to be early forties and nobody's fool.
"No, Sam," Dean's blue eyes pierced his. "I know you hate it, but that's why if you take this step, everyone else will follow. It'll be ﬁne."
"That's good. Now I know how you want to go out—in an orgy of violence and blood. I can work with that," the demon's smooth voice said.
"I held it in my hand, and when I let go, it stuck to me. I couldn't get it off, it was inside me, and then it was growing and I felt strange, and—“
"Your homegrown suffering is really a touching tribute," Valac said, looking around at all the implements and the Limbo-dwellers, who were paralyzed with fear. "But it pales before the real thing, doesn't it?"
Afterwards they lay together, afraid to stir, as if one wrong movement would shatter them apart again.
He was led around Hell like a prize poodle and all he could think was that it felt so weird to have all his muscles moving in concert when he felt like each bit of himself wanted to go in different directions. He watched his feet in case they started skittering out from underneath him like two crabs going in opposite directions.
"He's a pig, I may be a heartbreaker, but my father taught me better than that." And to distract from the warm feeling Cas' protectiveness gave him for a change, Dean said,
"This is kind of weird, isn't it—a whole community clued in about the supernatural and trying to cooperate?" Dean said to his brother. "I could get spoiled."
"Human nutrition has improved quite a bit," Cas reminded him. "There he is."
"How did you do that?" he asked while Cas walked them towards the subway.
Sam gave a helpless shrug and for the next few hours his only thought was how to prevent that night's virtual performance. It proved to be much more difﬁcult than he would've expected. Earl the AV guy was the stubbornest bastard Sam had ever encountered.
Dean had a sense that things had really gone south while he was away on his one intimate getaway, and that the angel had done his best to give his old friend that one chance to see what intimacy was like.
"I'll frighten him out of his wits."
"I'm going to refresh your memory. You have a right to know."
"Bobby's holding down the fort but he needs you fellas back in the roost," the sheriff replied. Dean looked stricken at the omission of Cas. "I don't know what's going on in Heaven. None of us do. Communication lines are severed unless you can pick up something, Naayééʼ Neizghání, but I'd rather you wait until you're clear of our space before you try tuning in."
"I think you should make a few adjustments to the plan," suggested Cas in one of the consultations he was engaging in with Rafael. He was trying to explain how to appeal to human passions. "It doesn't make me feel anything."
"And you seem very New York," Dean laughed. "Yeah, a couple months. Trying to decide if it suits me." He registered the warm smile from the bartender as if he were personally laying out the welcome mat. "I like being able to blend in with the crowd."
"I think rather Dean got an overdose of policy discussion," the latter said knowingly. "I know exactly the antidote: Paris, good wine, and perhaps some dancing."
Actually, his tour guides were a package deal – 16-year-old Darla was pushing 85-year-old Miss Harriet in a wheelchair.
He looked more like a bird with too many wings or one of those ﬁsh with the long trailing ﬁns. He was not a dude.
Some removed their arms or mouths from people they had been caressing as if shocked and disgusted.
Dean woke up the next morning feeling unusually refreshed. Didn't he go out last night? He felt around for where his pants were usually lying in a puddle near the bed. Did he bring someone home last night?
Balthazar leaned forward urgently. "Grace told me a bunch of nonsense about a prophesy to the effect that one brother would be marked by his difference, one by the search for his lost difference, but I still set very little store by these vagaries from above, Cas. Think about how much I suffered for Etienne. I didn't properly have a soul then, but do you see me as very different now that I have this?" He touched the new organ lightly.
Dean did get the gist of the proceedings, which was that the Nephilim were trying to ﬁgure out ways to create more symbiotic relationships between angels and people, whether they eventually bonded or not. Their argument for the old guard was that attracting more souls would enrich Heaven. This could only happen if people weren't left so desperately alone for much of their lives.
Etienne fell apart, he got possessed by any evil spirit he could dredge up, was thrown into an asylum for attacking people on the streets because he had an angel-shaped hole inside of him, left by this intimate coexistence with an alien life form. Dean wasn't sure what it was like for the average vessel, who he'd heard existed in a kind of suspended animation while the angel was using them. But between his Spanish friend and Balthazar some essential veil had dropped, and it was not the clean transaction it was meant to be. It destroyed Etienne.
Cas and the others had gotten to know each other quite well in their imprisonment. With scarcely a ﬂicker of recognition, the six transmitted their resolve to stop all communication with their respective mates. If Heaven had not isolated their frequency yet, they would have no new data to help them do so.
A couple of people glared in their direction.
He was occasionally rewarded by a "thank you" whispered by the lips that were a smudge of red lost in the pale face. No one had ever said that to Valac. Then beatings became an excuse to afterwards bind his wounds, pet him, elicit that wan smile.
"Cas?" Dean repeated dumbly, registering a warm surge accompanying the name with horror.
the demon roared like the singer he was wearing would have,
"Uh, yeah." The vodka made a long silky trail down Dean's throat. "Didn't you hear me? I was praying my head off. It was the only thing left to do."
The elder Winchester was ﬁdgeting on the edge of the bed. "I felt great, Cas, all day, I wanted to thank you. Something's been eating away at me and I didn't even know how deep it had gotten. But—"
She put down the dirty glasses she was holding and let down her hair. "I actually clean up real nice when I'm not wearing an apron and stinking of beer. I'm a little better than inertia. Yeah, I go to college. Now get yourself up out of here."
"You rooﬁed me!" he exclaimed slowly.
It would bring unnecessary danger to many communities and violate the terms of the treaty they'd drawn up.
"Started but not ﬁnished, because it requires my say so," he lashed back.
They found a place to sit in the sand and he ordered Cas to take off their shoes and socks. "I wanted to go to the beach like any other kid so bad when I was ﬁfteen that I actually called all around to Dad's friends. I had them cook up these elaborate rumors about some sea-monster picking people off Venice Beach. They must have felt so sorry for me, wanting to be a normal kid just once, and I was prepared for any punishment when Dad found out it was a hoax."
"No, it's because you could have gone home with any one of ﬁve women tonight, and you didn't. That usually means that you've gotten to the point where you prefer whiskey to women, deﬁnitely a turn off. But I think there' s still a little something alive left in you yet."
The slap resounded in the apartment. There were intakes of breath at Dean's glazed eyes reacting to the blow.
Valac had long since stopped needling the man about turning his friends to dust and disappointing his lover. Dean seemed about to crumble entirely. All the signs were there. Everyone told him so. "Congratulations on sending your ﬁrst soul to pieces so quickly," the sycophants crowed.
"Don't tell me what's impossible. Tell me what's possible," he'd patiently (and sometimes less-patiently) asked the experts. "How do you turn two powers against each other while short-circuiting the ﬁght?"
"And if we refuse?" Castiel asked.
It went on for hours, this rehearsal for Purgatory.
"I'm sorry," he said, ﬁnding it doubly hard to swallow an obligatory bite now that he knew he was eating a dead man's sandwich. "Wow, that's good, but I have to watch my gluten—it's a runner thing. This milk is sure hitting the spot, though. Mind if I have another glass?"
The angel watched over the demon's shoulder as Hell's denizens railed against their invisible chains, wanting more contact at any price, anything better than being alone.
"Balthazar. I'd—heard—about this thing where you get marked by one angel and then none of the others want to touch you. But it's just a myth."
"I've been talking to you for ﬁve minutes, boy," Bull said. His name was really Will Durham, but everybody called the big, grizzled man Bull. "I may not look it, but I was young once, too, you know. Go wherever it is you'd rather be. There's an old bike under the porch, and a pump in the closet in case the tire's ﬂat. We'll do the washing up."
"Etienne went once, stood up in the middle of the session saying in his impeccable manners, 'Pardon me, sirs, but I have an urgent engagement,' and has refused to go near the council since."
"Do you confess?" Rafael roared. He was splendid, his brother was quite magniﬁcent when he got angry. The angelic knives pierced him. "Why?" Castiel asked.
"Remy, we can't let this continue. Whatever your feelings are about bonded ones, it's simply bad business to allow half of a couple to stay in Hell," Cas said in a rush. "It makes the whole new regime look bad."
"You mean?"
"We should be respectful of Jimmy," Castiel said, and only then did Dean see that their bodies were doing everything they could to become one, it didn't matter how.
"Nah, Sam got your quotes sometimes. I was always thinking about getting some supernatural action for myself instead of paying attention in English class."
The Spaniard gave a polite smile. He was obviously still shaken by Bobby’s acute observations about him and his partner.
He didn't have to turn around to know that Sam was following. Of course he was. He appreciated it.
"Look at yourself, man, you're the angel bait you never wanted to be, and the demon bait you know you wanna be." He felt an infinite shame at having forgotten Cas and the rest of his life in favor of Hell. He started to feel the music affect him for the ﬁrst time.
Dean arranged for Sam to go out and come back to compare notes on their current case. Instead, he busied himself with a conjuring ritual, surprised that cutting his hand for the blood didn't hurt as much as usual.
Dean let out a long breath. "I don't know how you deal with the pressure in our lives, Sam, I've never understood it. You're cooler with it than me, most of the time. But I'm asking, if I found a little corner of que será, será after my most recent of many brushes with death, would you have me reject it on principle, just because it made you feel funny?"
"Would you care to explain, Remy? There's a rather important assignment you've had us working on night and day back on earth, and I'd hate to disappoint," Balthazar was getting impatient with all the confusion.
"No, no, I—" The angel straightened up. "That was very apropos, Dean. The deﬁant posture, the—everything. You have the most amusing way of putting things."
Cas hoped that the intelligence Balthazar had last shared with him about supporters were still good.
A light came on in Balthazar's face. "I still have that book I conﬁscated from Castiel! Now that I know where you are, I'll make you listen to my suit."
"The Khan would have no problem at all scoring a bunch of hippie chicks. Which don't worry, I don't plan on doing, in case this is some kind of demonic STD or something."
He hung back so he could have a word with the younger Winchester. "Where were you guys headed that you got here so fast?"
"If that's your deﬁnition of unpleasant, Cas, I don't want to know what you call pleasant," Dean said weakly to break the silence.
Maybe it was Zachariah and all those other angelic pervs who talked so sexually about being ridden, Sam thought slowly as the energy in the circle started to shift. Maybe it was Dean getting off on being Cas' vessel.
The real battle was going on against Dean’s acedia, which was being treated in the anatomists' chambers—the last angels to know what to do with a broken heart, unfortunately.
"Drugged. I've been—the milk," the thought slogged urgently through Dean's brain.
Cas looked about as freaked out as he was capable of getting, Dean thought, so he pressed ahead.
Dean was checking over the locks as the ﬁrst line of entry for potential assailants. Their uncle had said the only way he was able to get into the sealed room was that the hunters had told him their secret outside ﬂip switch once.
"Fate," Dean spat. "We're just supposed to take our lot and go through the required motions. Haven't all of you been paying attention? I screw everything up, so can't Fate and the rest of you leave me be?"
"How's things?" asked the blonde-haired man in his mid-thirties who was wearing some expensively casual black blazer with a t-shirt. Not a combination Dean thought most people could pull off without looking like they were trying too hard.
"Is this how it's going to be? I changed everything that I am for you and you're going finding other outlets to torment me for my fatal lack of perversity? Well, I'm here to tell you, Dean Winchester, that maybe I don't love you enough, if that's what passes for love in your eyes—"
"At least some of these wounds they must have inﬂicted on each other," Sam said, indicating the scratches they each bore and the remnants of ﬂesh under the ﬁngernails." The knife wounds could have come from somewhere else, or from the knives still in their hands. "Maybe we can avoid telling Bobby."
"School will be there, Sam. There's a school in every town America," the older brother observed wearily.
To Cas' mind, beginning the hated "role-playing" as Dean called it was about as sensual as giving him a blood transfusion. Fatally, he told his lover so.
These days Valac went to every length to disguise his attempts to keep his personal angel in one piece. He painted on bruises so others would think he was still following his assigned role. But Dean looked so terrible no one doubted he was giving out tortures galore.
Sam didn't like how the lines between him and his new alter ego had so quickly become blurred—after only a short time he was having a hard time knowing which reactions were his and which belonged to the more conservative younger Twin.
Every word from the demon was stabbing Balthazar somewhere that still hurt, and he brieﬂy wondered if this was the demon's attempt to get at him with his skills.
"One book with some blank pages, and the rest in some language I've never seen before," Dean said, closing the book and setting it back on the table.
"But the cloud of blackness you've been manufacturing here couldn't help but attract us like bears to honey," Valac continued, taking a small envelope out of his sleazy jacket's inner pocket. "You've been playing with ﬁre, friend, you all have," the demon's gaze encompassed everyone who had been in Limbo.
He felt something brush his sleeve and his heart stopped. But it was just a Frisbee. Will these people be so happy-go-lucky once they are shipped off to some containment facility? Wait—
Dean was standing openmouthed before a collection of animals in fancy dress who were doing some odd dance. `"This is some Alice in Wonderland shit," he said to Cas, who was still frowning as he looked at a beautiful tree nearby. "Was that part of your required reading along with Shakespeare? Cas? Cas?"
"Cecil loves an audience. He's going to have fun with your brother," the sheriff said that ﬁrst afternoon.
"Excuse me, ma'am, could I have something to drink?" Dean ventured from the position the Limbo dwellers had put him in for the session..
"We have no idea what kind of repercussions this is going to have on our plane, but it's kind of a neat surprise, knowing we're going to gank somebody without being sure what. At the end of the day, we may have the hides of Lucifer, Crowley, who knows?"
"Are you going to be the smart brother now, too, in addition to the sexually ambiguous one?" Sam complained.
There was something about being stared at like a freak by a supernatural creature that made his blood run cold.
Dean raised an eyebrow at his brother. They were probably giving kids free booze just to keep them stupid and uninquisitive. The notion of free beer just improved his mood by about 200%.
"You degenerate slime," hissed the demon. "Reunited with your true love and you can't wait to get back to darker pleasures?"
"You boys need to get here right now," a shaken Bobby said to Sam over the phone. "I wouldn't believe it if I wasn't looking at it. It's all of them-"
Cas knew he was going to be scratched in the process.
"Yeah, but have you ever heard of Death by a Thousand Cuts? They keep this up long enough—"
“That wasn’t so bad, was it?” Dean asked one night, wiping off a smudge of paint from Cas’s cheek. He got the idea that they should have actual walls and furniture in their interdimensional room.
"Miss Harriet gave me more than enough to digest, so I'm gonna have a think somewhere.I won't mess anything up. Look," he lifted up his shirt, "I didn't even bring my gun, so not to worry."
"Then ﬁx it," Dean replied.
"I, too, am having a hard time understanding that Dean has changed in some ways," Cas said quietly. "As a wise person once suggested, let's look for the man he is and not the man he was."
"I don't deal with him often, myself, the big guy. He tires of administrative details, and he's obsessed with his showing in the apocalypse. It's an old story, you know. The people at the top forget how they got there, the overweening ambition gets to them, and then they must be cock of the walk, let prudence be damned. We've got a good thing going, our sides, which may be a single side, when looked at a certain way."
Castiel began to ﬂoat and switched his inhabiting virtue from truth to beauty. Dean saw the sun glittering on the in patterns that he could see as clear as day. There was so much…
"The Bible passages this young man picks out are no coincidence. Clearly, he's saying that he forgives someone, or is trying to," the minister said.
It was a hell of an inconvenience at the DMV. Dean had had to take over the mind and body of a DMV attendant to allow a current-day, red-haired, high-cheekboned photo Darla had doctored for him to be placed in the new ID he had made before leaving for New York.
"Take me with you," Dean said suddenly.
Balthazar stuck a needle of pure wrath into the angel's side. "What did you do to accomplish this abomination?"
Dean Winchester was not supposed to be a disappointment to anyone in their high-stakes hunter world. Once he found out the whole universe was watching him, waiting for him to screw up, the big Winchester destiny became one great big Dad. Just like his father used to watch his every move and magnify tiny inconsistencies in the way he held his weapon or ﬁred a shot so that his marksmanship—better than his own ex-Marine father's—was always overshadowed by an inﬁnitesimal list to the right within the bull's eye.
Their tribal contacts were geniuses in this area, but they also refused to share their practices beyond the experimentation sessions with Sam.
It was all Sam could do not to laugh at his brother's earnest reverence for the long-dead military leader. His eye-roll did not go unnoticed.
"I am not a chick," Castiel replied coldly. "Nor a man. Perhaps you should ﬁnd one who can understand this—interest—that is apparently peculiar to humans."
Valac was, at that time, not even a pretender to the throne of Hell. He was a third-string soldier on one of Hell’s lowest battalions that day. But he was the only one who notcied the effect of a few words upon the Heavenly Host. The demon had left the battleﬁeld that day sure that he personally, and his realm, were actually the winners in that clumsy skirmish.
Dean waited impatiently until the woman turned in for her nap and he could gracefully excuse himself.
All these people with their lawnmowers and their time clocks and their church on Sunday, they seemed like they were the same. They stood still, for one thing. They weren't in California on Monday and Arizona on Thursday. And their lives were about growing roots.
"I can tell some serious drinking is in order," Balthazar said in his usual casual manner, though he had to see that things were far from settled between Dean and Cas.
"I don't know how to play games," Cas objected, obviously beginning to feel out of his element.
"Okay. Weapons ready."
As a young man beginning at university, he didn't realize his process of adjustment was any different than the rudimentary teasing between French and Spanish ways that his parents engaged in—the way one country's folk cut bread or made wine.
The coffee table had the coffee table-book version of hunters' lore—glossy tomes with myths and artifacts from around the world, things like that.
An odd assortment of the bar's denizens were gathering around. "Barry's a genius," one tipsy woman advised him. "That's how he captures who you really are in his pictures."
"No, you're the one who fucks it up, by being allergic to thinking."
"No one has ever given me a present," Castiel said.
"You and I are going to be in touch soon," Balthazar said, and then followed with, "I hardly need to tell you to be brave."
"No, Cas, it was so funny to have my thoughts go through you before they came out of my mouth. You did perfect—only someone that really knew me would notice the slight delay,” he transmitted to the angel currently using him as a vessel. “I’m amazed that you can seem so natural as me, when you usually seem so—stiff—in your usual body."
"Perhaps I know you better than you do yourself," Castiel said. "Keep your head down, but look!"
Balthazar reached for Remiel's untouched glass of wine. "Do you mind? This is a fascinating insight into the more arcane workings of our respective realms, Crowley, but I'm not sure you've established that you aren't beneﬁtting in some way from the shutdown."
Every cell in his body had an orgasm.
"No way I'd share a noggin with Dean for ﬁve minutes, and he's family," Bobby snorted. "How you two don't spontaneously combust from sheer obstinacy I'll never understand."
"I'm sure one of your sex toys would love to sign up for the job. But you have so many of them. We could make a reality show, like the Bachelor…"
"All right, can I come back with you, Sheriff? Cecil's the only one I trust to ﬁnd me someone I'm not going to hate leading around," Sam said.
Valac took his lumps quietly, guarding the teacup with care.
Cas held out a hand, adding some solemnity to the moment as they prepared to go to the room for the ﬁrst time without Cas beaming him up or carrying him.
Dean didn't know much about art, but he could tell these were quality images because they made him feel something, he wasn't sure what, or even if he liked the feeling. It took a moment to see that they were artsy bondage shots cut up into pieces and reassembled into a montage of leather laces and metal grommets and lips curled back in some strange kind of fulﬁllment.
"Are you unhappy?" Castiel rushed to ask. Humans were so changeable—he was beginning to understand the world a little better. How could anyone have time to listen to the clues angels left for them if they were feeling things all the time?
Dean laughed at Cas' scandalized expression, which contrasted oddly with his hair standing up in green- and blue-tipped tufts.
"We decided early on to claim that it is a short-term drug reaction, and that the missing young people are receiving treatment as if for a mild drug poisoning; among a certain crowd that is apparently a badge of honor," the man said drily.
Dean shook himself. "Who? Shaggy and Shaggier? No thanks."
The brothers felt ﬁngers on their foreheads and then they could see, and the noise died away.
"We're always on the job these days, didn't you get the memo?" his brother said bitterly into his drink. "I just hate how smug that dude was. 'A general is just a function of his time.' If he knew anything except how to sit on his ass all day, he'd know that that kind of thinking is fucking dangerous."
"I think you're really going to enjoy this," he purred as his lover unwrapped the package
Something kept Sam from teasing his brother about his newfound historical interests. The ﬁrst book Dean went for was about Rommel—their dad sometimes talked about him, so Sam chalked it up to nostalgia for their late father. Then he saw a few of the other books, mostly Attila the Hun and Alexander the Great, get some wear, but after that it was all about the Khan.
"The slot machines would have been more direct; and I know you to be very skilled at poker," Cas said.
"I can see that," she said, eyeballing the younger brother's physique. "What do you want, exactly? Nobody comes out here without wanting something."
"If you wish to be my vessel, we will die." Castiel spoke for the ﬁrst time. "And if you choose not to, we will be spared, though I doubt we will ever be out of scrutiny. The power you and I experienced without the spell in the way, over the last two days—it did not go unnoticed."
Miss Harriet reached out and patted his cheek with perfect aim. "I don't know, young man, but don't let change itself be your enemy."
His brother shrugged.
His phone sounded with Sam's ring tone.
Cas must have been drawn by the man's irresistible suffering while he faced a sure death in darkness. No one should like anything as well as he liked partaking of this human's unhappiness. It was all he could do to keep himself from reaching for the man in front of his brother. This was a perversion that placed him on the level of a demon.
"These are uncertain times for us all, what with your apocalypse and all being quite the downer for everyone. There may not be much ecstasy left once the Croatoan virus takes hold. I don't want to be brought down by a permanent bad trip.
"I was hoping you would accompany me. They've been saving you a seat all this time," Castiel drew him close.
That night, just like next job, began to show Dean that ignoring something isn't quite the same as forgetting about it.
Sam was sure to make Dean pay for his ignorance later.
They'd crossed paths a few times, more than a few, but their reticent natures kept anyone from getting too friendly until Boris crawled up to his house one night, half-dead and begging him to go back for Piotr.
The next minute, they witnessed what Father Tim had seen—a good-sized seventeen-year-old boy skidding across the room and beginning an unearthly howl that echoed in their ears as they walked down the hall and out onto the street.
"Except Dad was always furious about something," Sam told himself, looking through their scanty information on tomorrow's case. "Dean usually cares too much about everything. It's what makes him so easy to rile up—don't mess with Led Zeppelin, don't mess with Mustangs from such-and- such a year, don't mess with that special kind of rotgut that he drinks with Bobby, don't mess with those weird ketchup-ﬂavored potato chips they only have in Canada—"
"You're not National Weather Service. They took one look and high-tailed it on out of here. And they drove a Hyundai."
"From what I hear, White Crow is pleased with how well you've taken on your character," Dean said to his younger brother after a grueling day of myths, deciphering Navajo, and strange foods with a side of chanting.
Sam let out a low laugh. "We've known the whole demon world is out for Dean for years, Cas. Jeez, don't scare me like that."
Dean started.
"And you're not going to make it to Thanksgiving," Bobby said. "Not like this."
“Whether this is an environmental toxin, a contagion, or a massive drug reaction, we have to ﬁgure it out and contain it."
"Do you want to spend the rest of our time trying and failing to get someone to believe us so they will excavate it?"
The couple laughed easily and got up to go. "Do the math again and see if you missed something the ﬁrst time," the broker said, and Dean was left in a noisy gay bar to wait for his new instinct to pick out the person who would impart the next piece of truth.
Except they were already nicely contained.
"Very well," the angel said Dean looked around.
Ambriel curled himself up where he'd landed in the cell.
"Session number 102 in the New Era," his mate, Rosa, continued.
"I know I'm not a hot babe, but you're a sunbeam, you don't care."
"Of course you do," he said sarcastically to this force that had cruelly let him down in the past. "Listen, I have an actual order this time, so you can't boot me out empty-handed. You're going to save Etienne," he transitioned and carefully set the golden box full of dust on the table.
His ass indeed!
Castiel obediently turned his head to examine a woman in a striped clingy miniskirt and tank top. The woman looked over her shoulder and smiled.
"Do you think he really believes that?" the diplomat asked in a surprising moment of candor.
"Listen, he sensed something was off. These hunters always do. In case he decides to change his mind and hunt me, do you want to go to my special request destination sooner rather than later?"
That was the ﬁrst and last interaction that Josie snd Dean watched between the two men. Their giggling got them both banished by an imperious gesture from the shaman.
"Why are they so little? And that trucker was right: the ponies are ridiculous."
Balthazar was completely thrown by Raphael hitting upon the truth so suddenly, and then he was thrown again by Raphael looking at him and laughing. Then Zophiel joined in as well, and Balthazar wished he could tell him to shut up.
"How do you know so much about the Cherokee?" Sam interjected curiously.
A demon was sobbing into his hands.
"Everyone likes a little solace," Remiel said brusquely when Balthazar stopped by to comment on the slight improvement in their patient.
Dean took a sip. "If it can't be said in a double entendre, best not to expect Balthazar to say it," he agreed.
"You? All alone? In Vegas? Nobody's gonna believe me." He turned to the waitress. "Coupla beers, honey."
The very fact of seeing anything after some time in complete blindness was jarring. The shape was nothing he had ever seen before, but it didn't matter.
"It's not I worrying about Balthazar, but the reverse," Etienne smiled fondly. "As you know, there was almost no time to prepare me for the big battle, and adrenaline did most of the work in my case. My mate worries that I am not able to take care of myself on either the earthly or angelic planes. And though you might be a mincing kept boy on the inside," Dean received a sharp thump, "in every other way people wouldn't even try to tangle with you."
Dean was distracted from his mission for a moment by the total purity of the angel in front of him. There was so much to show him.
Dean jumped slightly, but it wasn't out of shame. He was suddenly aware that he would always have some stranger in between them. His hand squeezed Cas' brieﬂy, and a current of sorrow about what they had gained and lost passed through them.
"When does the show get out?" Dean asked the bartender. There was always some show at Lincoln Center on Saturdays, and then a bunch of people searching for something to wash down all that culture hit the streets.
"Demons are lonely and desperately bored, I'm sure you noticed." He glanced at the American. "Perhaps you had less time to think about these matters, but they so much want the very things that cannot survive in Hell—soft, kind, noble, beautiful things that they couldn't even properly touch or see in their real forms."
“Well, she should have just ignored it, because she set it free and all hell broke loose on the demigod for reneging on the deal. The details are a little scanty in these notes, but I think it was actually kind of like that time I told you about when Sam and I negotiated between Mr. and Mrs. Rain: a little symbolic this and that in the right place, and order is restored."
When he turned around, there was nothing left of the graceful, cultured man in a linen suit except the suit. He attacked Dean with a frenzy and then stopped. He smiled at the pleading to continue.
They watched the two put on a show for the rest of the guests, the patrons shouting out encouragement to Cas that seemed to both please and unnerve him.
Only after she walked away did he see what she'd written on it: “I think we have a lot in common, lover boy. Meet me out back.”
"No, I told him that he had to keep quiet and guard those people with his life until you could get back there."
Dean left feeling like he had been caught at having several Cheez-its short of a box.
But something had reached the quiet, unassuming student in a place where it shouldn't have. Balthazar was at ﬁrst perplexed and then horriﬁed to see the depth of the human emotional range playing out in his former vessel.
"That, my good sir, is Romani music," Etienne said professorially. He shouted out something in an odd language and the men picked up the pace to a danceable tune.
Cecil launched into a speech about authenticity, but White Crow intervened. "He says 'Big Brother' and 'Little Brother' will do ﬁne," Sam said.
"This is precisely the situation we are offering to take off your hands," Balthazar cut in. "It would look terrible, don't you think, for such an illustrious prisoner to escape, and none of us wishes Dean to be reduced to dust."
"You're the sort of guy who has every attractive woman sized up and ﬁled away within 60 seconds of walking in a bar. I know your type. What's my bra size?"
So why was Dean sitting there staring unseeingly at the television, the only sign of life the arm moving the glass to his lips? "Hey, man, haven't you always told me not to let the idiots of the world get you down?" Sam ﬁnally ventured.
They took note of the ones who went in and out of the club and tried to measure the vibrations of their virtues with a mechanism supplied by the Arcane Matters department. If this tool was right, the angels were rebounding slowly from the music and whatever else the club was doing to them.
"No, they're not laughing. We're trying to do something we've not really done, which is cram our entire culture into two strangers' heads in a limited period of time. And because we're in the line of ﬁre just like white folks with the apocalypse, we have every reason to make this work. Cecil's racking his brains trying to ﬁgure out new ways to explain stuff right now."
"Wow, if you're afraid to say it, now I'm intrigued. What's your fantasy?"
The angel watched the human take a swig from his ﬂask with a raised eyebrow.
The high-pitched sound came again.
"Intellectuals and politics don't mix," Etienne stated. "I have my own ways of helping, and most of them involve being on Earth. Drinking, writing, or preferably, both."
"That's our philosophy here precisely," Crowley said.
How was anyone supposed to have remembered that Remy hated violence when he was so ill-tempered? Castiel wondered again.
"But you've got a job to do, boy. And you need to ﬁnd it in yourself to keep being the leader people see you as, or I tell you what, you're not going to get much farther on a dream."
Dean got up to rummage in his store of treasures from his father's archives. "Every once in awhile my dad used to feel guilty for not giving me and Sam a normal childhood, so he got it into his head that he would do something from his childhood. He decided he would get us started collecting baseball cards.
That was how they made it Wonderland again. Etienne and Balthazar were there, except for some reason Etienne was a horse.
"That's not true," Dean objected, feeling unpleasant reminders of his one-sided frotteurism sessions with Cas early on. He got dressed as well. "At that club in New York I saw plenty of angels, and they were all--"
Cas laid a hand on his shoulder and Dean ﬂinched away. "Since when do you touch people? That's not even your hand. It's just skeevy. Physical comfort only works when it's just two people with no one in between."
"You see, you are changing too," Castiel gasped as their skin came into contact full length.
A seventeen-year-old boy had gone on a violent rampage, beating up some strangers at multiple sites around town before he was caught pummeling his best friend, sixteen-year-old Eddie Prewitt, almost to death. They'd kept him a few nights in county lockup before the community's call for swift justice had to be postponed by the recognition that the kid was off his rocker.
They separated and he headed straight back and to the beer stand, which was still plentifully supplied. It was getting weirder and weirder that the CDC hadn't shown up yet. The festival was going on as if there were nothing wrong.
He sensed the woman's misgivings. "Maybe there's someone on hand to give me a tour?"
"It's nothing," Dean said modestly. "I'm sure you're good at something besides pissing people off."
Cas blushed.
"Hello, Sam?"
"Hands only," Dean said, feeling just a small hint of the experience he and the angel had shared in one body while in Las Vegas, the one that had changed them both forever.
"We need to eliminate one of two scenarios. Either something supernatural got in, in which case we have ﬁgure out what could possibly get into Fort Knox. Or, four friends turned on each other. Something made them crazy."
His usual easy smile crept back to Balthazar's face. "The department? You mean you're giving me access to all the research areas? I can enlist the help of the upper echelons?"
"No, Younger Brother, I think I'm manufacturing enough hope for the both of us because I have to. Big Brother is even more of a look before you leap kind of guy than I am."
Oddly enough, there was no one around. Balthazar walked through hallways branching off into rooms, and some of them contained strange instruments, or books written in unfamiliar scripts, workbenches and easels, but he was the only angel around that he could sense.
"Whoever brought him back and made me have to gank Jimi, so help me, I'll kill them."
"I did actually," Dean replied. "She was military as well."
The angel was stationed in Paris for some reason he couldn't even remember now. Some complot to be foiled, blah blah.
The angel broke off and took a good look at the form the elusive being had chosen to manifest itself in.
Dean looked relieved. "That's great, Cas. Sam is out for a few hours. Let's have at it."
"Don't mind me: it's a boring job, you have to ﬁnd some way to entertain yourself. Some people play darts; me, I watch people."
Besides, he was sure the far-away Dean would want him to help. And Remiel hated rufﬂing feathers. Even a universe away.
"These angels and quasi-angels and whatnot, they have excellent technology for subterfuge." Again, Valac spoke in a quiet voice. "Find out what they're doing."
It was nerve-wracking in the sense that introducing anyone to your family is awkward and exciting, but sometime in the last two days Dean had gotten serene and he was planning on sailing that wave to shore, no matter what Sam said.
"Dean. Dean."
It was as small as those little creatures that nearly killed them the night before. But small could be powerful.
"I should have seen that coming a mile away," Dean murmured, face to face with a recording from his most recent time in Hell. Of course, the demons were pretty tech-savvy and they had an alarmingly good business sense. They would have realized that some people would pay good money to see someone reduced to what he was in Hell.
Only Cas would be so naive as to give him another chance.
Dean bought some paint and then the two of them tried everything they could think of to get it to stick to the nothingness, mostly getting it on each other.
"Tox screen showed a little cannabis. Not even what I would expect to ﬁnd in the average concertgoer. We gave him some charcoal just to be on the safe side in case it was a mushroom that didn't get picked up on our tests."
Why did they all feel this uncontrollable urge to bring this man low and then keep him there under their boot? Balthazar had mentioned that Dean had some condition, acedia, and if he ever felt himself becoming "dried out" or unhappy, Etienne should say something, in case he was catching it.
"They let you keep your vessel," Sam observed. "We were afraid you wouldn't be able to come."
There were subdivisions in the empty space, so that one area had a backdrop with red velvet paper and tasseled lamps. Another was very futuristic, with cream-colored pillows in irregular organic shapes all piled around and being used at that moment to prop up three people.
"You knew," he said with only his eyes to the angel as he put his bag down and tried to ﬁnd the wind that was just knocked out of him.
During the next several days, the best of Heaven's intelligence was employed in trying to snap Dean out of his lethargy while not letting his spiritual dryness spread. In the meantime, there was no shortage of warriors willing to ﬁght against Hell. It was useful to have a target for them at last.
Watching the perpetually earnest Cas peering at his own unexpected tumescence was too much for Dean, and he had to reward what he hoped would be a mutually enjoyable scratching of this S/M itch of his.
"Hello, ma'am, I'm Dean. I hope this is an all-terrain chair of yours because I want to go all around as far as I can on your land," Dean said doubtfully, surveying the woman's fragile state of health and evident near-blindness.
"So they start offering up maidens to him to appease his misery, and of course one after another they run away screaming. Sound like any classic movie you know? Finally, a girl looks at him and loves him for what he is, and he turns back into a man."
"We're so pleased with the work you've been doing," Rafael said in one of Heaven's interrogation rooms.
"No! What's the matter with you, Cas? Today Sam happened to tell me about this time he and a guy friend had sex with this girl."
Dean glared back with a stony face and willed his body to stop receiving the black wisps with a shameful relief.
If this was about thinking, they'd ﬁnd someone else to do the job, Dean ﬁlled in. Having been so young when all this crap happened to their family, his mind never learned to ﬁght the weird, which is what his father was trying to do with his crusade against the chaos that had claimed his wife. Not like Sam, who thought this whole family vendetta didn't stand up to what his good mind decided it wanted for itself.
Companionship. Not brotherhood in the angelic trenches. But feeling warmed by someone's closeness. Neither creature ever thought it could happen to them.
Both times, he'd lost control of himself when the man was suffering. That must be what he liked about Dean. The human's obvious ecstasy left him cold.
"Whichever one is the most handsome," Dean said.
It was odd. Sam's eyes were telegraphing the same message to him when the door opened to a hospital ward much like the ones they had been walking through.
It was true. Even now, downstairs, he was worrying at these stones that had gotten inside his mental shoe, scraping against the brain as it rattled in his skull. "Why?" he heard his voice muttering somewhere.
"It was like this. We'd all been having a nice, relaxed time, laughing and talking, and it came time to go to bed. It was obvious that someone was going to get to go home with Lizzie, but it was like none of us wanted to leave the other person out by deciding which of us it would be.
Everyone except him, Sam, and a few other unlucky people in the know, that is.
"In bed, he was more experienced, he was—"
This creature striped with two natures moved ﬂuidly between France and Spain, his mother's world and his father's, spending part of his time in his home village even after his father's death. Etienne's father lived on in his face, the one that would have looked better on top of a donkey cart than in Parisian literary society. Or so the other students at the Sorbonne decided.
By no measure could it count as a kiss.
"This is all warded six ways from Sunday," Dean said as they walked through the various devices. "If anyone, but especially Cas saw this—let's just say I've been picking up every bit of written Enochian I can ﬁnd to keep that from happening."
"They want to hear the story of how the angelic mission concluded. You always say I leave out all the important parts, so I need your help."
It took days to convince Dean. Everything he learned from his dad told him not to leave a paper trail, period. But Sam and Bobby assured him that sometimes the best place to hide was in plain sight.
"I don't know, maybe ﬁfteen?"
The man laughed. "Now you're afraid of me, after what you just let me do? Six hundred years ago I was a highway robber. You're going to pass judgment on me, who was disintegrated from my torments? I'd like to think if there's still someone I have to answer to, it's not some kept creature like you." He slapped Dean playfully.
"Take the whole set off my hands and I'll give it to you for $35," the proprietor said.
"I'm going to try to think of you as a multidimensional being who used a dude-shaped scalpel to cure me."
At ﬁrst it worked—all of Etienne was jammed into one thimble of pain.
"You don't mind if I take this? Some of my brothers will be most interested in such a ﬁnd."
He saw a pained expression ﬂit over the angel's face.
Dean gave some sort of wordless whisper from where he lay, draped in a tunic.
"What? Are you really Jimi?" He was nice. It would be hard to gank this conversational rock god.
Dean recognized it.
"You do know many, many things no one does, amorcito, important things. And you know how to use them to save people's lives. You are very good at these monsters and things." He gestured to the line of notebooks. "Do you not miss it?"
"It's the smugness," Balthazar mouthed behind their Grace's back, and they all laughed.
Etienne had to fully inhabit his body occasionally, because otherwise he felt his molecules start to thin and he began looking a bit insubstantial. But most of the time he hovered in his angelic form and thought, searching for the door home to his love, whose anger and frustration came to him more clearly every day through the bond.
Her hands emerged from the bag with a ﬁstful of crumpled notes. "Never you mind, ma'am, you showed me a good time tonight," Dean waved her off, and pulled out his wallet while he hailed a taxi.
Ever since he'd seen the upscale version of himself, he'd felt rock-bottom ashamed of his life. But now, 18 years too late, he'd gone off on his own for a couple of days, and he swore that he felt more like his own man, more like "that Asshole Dean," as he called the other one. Dean felt strangely unwilling to apologize for what he had chosen for himself.
Dean was showing off, getting warmed up, and then had Davin pinned to the ground with ease.
"But the two of you in one body seems like a bad idea," Balthazar said. The pleasure Cas and Dean got from sharing a vessel was vaguely unnerving for Balthazar, and even more so for the other Nephilim.
Paulette gave a jaunty little wave and the bartender came over. "More of the same?" she asked Dean. "Make this one a double," Dean muttered, looking anywhere but in the bartender's eyes.
"And we still can't imagine why anyone would watch reality television," Oristyon added.
Dean was looking at his younger brother incredulously. "You never told me you went in for that kind of stuff."
"Sssh," the Spaniard said, holding a ﬁnger to the lips with blood in one corner. He kissed Dean for the ﬁrst time on the lips.
"Since none of you can explain the process properly, it seems we are at an impasse—quite deliberately engineered on your parts," the lead angel fumed. "Castiel, could you be any vaguer?"
"There's every reason for it to work, you just have to hold until night falls. Remember you're ginger for the night; you're not even its type." Sam's pre- battle pep-talks didn't even convince himself.
"Because I loved my vessel, and because I think the administration here is a pack of fools."
The woman with the short blond hair and the tank top who looked him over good the second Dean walked in the door, she was Cutie. The brunette with the hoop earrings who'd given him a big smile was Sweetheart. The redhead who'd already told him her name but it had immediately fallen out of his head, she was Kitten. And so on.
"I gave you a terrible time over Ruby, so this must be my payback," Dean said calmly.
As per Article IV of the Cause's Convention, you will be granted one attempt at exorcism by your fellows unless there are exigent circumstances, but we will NOT be held responsible for your safety in such a case.
Roberto Vasquez was the sort of man who referred to one of his tomato plants, "una mata de tomates," as if he were talking about a woman, with an emphasis on the feminine gender of the word. To his father, a simple farmer, life was marvelously complex, a seething riot of life and death coming together in ways best summed up by the gendered Spanish language.
But this, it was a broken, beaten thing lighting up with a surprisingly bright joy at the savior he'd never truly lost faith in. Castiel stepped into these shoes and it felt good. He was only a minor player, after all, and was all too aware of the small role he played in the Heavenly Host.
Balthazar's face was surprisingly conﬂicted. "I would be honored, but in all candor, this won't accomplish anything other than making your brother question his sexual preferences."
Together, they put their uncle in a bedroom and added a few of their homemade wards against general evil.
"Could Changing Woman, say, kick the sun's ass?" Dean asked.
Valac nodded at the horror that played across Dean’s face. "You are exactly right, Dean, always cleverer than you give yourself credit for," Valac stroked the long hair. "This is lovely on you, by the way," the demon said, distracted for a moment by moving the human's face this way and that, rearranging his hair in different ways. "So many possibilities," he said softly, and then shoved himself back into his leadership role.
"You dumbass, this is your idea of being on a mission?" Dean mocked himself. "Hey everybody, let's improv ourselves into a miserable evening. We just might save the world."
"No sir," Aldous took a discreet step back. "Don't you think it's signiﬁcant that our stocks would be up but there is no appreciable difference in the number of souls we're taking in?"
"I don't know, isn't that what life's for, for us to keep trying to get a right as long as we have the chance?"
"If we shared motor control we'd fall ﬂat on our face." Cas paused. "We do have a lot of things to do, even if sleep isn't necessary." He began unbuttoning their shirt.
In this dark space Dean was helpless to even say yes, say please. It was like one of those myths where the person under the spell couldn't ask for what they needed, they had to wait to be set free.
"We left a lot of unﬁnished business, and now we'll never have a chance to ﬁx things," Dean said and swallowed milk around the lump in his throat.
"Has he told anybody?" Dean asked in a panic.
As long as Dean kept up with his agreement to text Bobby and Sam once a week each, they agreed to give him this time to have a crisis and hopefully come out the other side.
"Tiny, you don't have to try and make me feel better about being fucked up." Dean had a hard time saying 'Etienne,' and the nickname had arisen out of the other man's slender frame. Now Balthazar was calling his partner that as well.
"Yeah!" "You bet!"
"Silver, everywhere you'd expect and places you wouldn't. Enough food for months. They had several redundant water systems in this place, with none of them allowing unﬁltered access in or out to the municipal water system."
"Totally not professional," he'd heard his father's voice saying to him every day since the big ﬁght. "Lost your focus like no son of mine would.
"You're hardly cheerful yourself, brother," Balthazar was saying in response to Castiel's complaints about his terse manner. "I'm merely being professional when I refuse to entertain your doomsday imaginings."
"Hate to break it to you, but I think all myths are like that," he replied.
"I don't see the sheriff here, either, but she's coming on the same Angel Train as Gina," Dean said through Castiel's control of his mouth. "You got the ﬁnal list of who else you want us to piggyback on over here from the res?"
Dean hung up. He didn't sleep much anymore. Probably it was like solid food—his angel self had overridden the human habit. But the drug was still running through his system, so Dean got into bed and began his nightly ritual.
"Actually, I've not been told all the particulars, but it is a secret mission. Only the few of us assigned will know about it.” Cas paused and the continued unwillingly, “During this time, I will not be able to be in contact with you."
He sprinted most of the way back to the motel, and then slowed down so he wouldn't be too winded. He retrieved the bottle from the trunk of the car where it stayed all the time now except when form demanded it, and then took off his shirt because it would encourage the guaranteed comments about his weight as a distraction.
"It's Remiel, and I'm well aware of this fact," the new leader said in his losing battle against the hated nickname. Then one perk he sought from his new position was getting people to stop using the diminutive. "What are you proposing?"
Ya'll want that drink topped up?" Bobby asked.
"Hey Sammy," Castiel said, mimicking Dean’s over the music. "You're missing out on—what's your name, baby?"
"I was never sixteen!" Dean burst out with a ferocity that took them both aback.
"What the hell have you done now?" the older man exploded when they got on the porch. "All this time, you and Balthazar have been saying Cas is actually your inside man. You're using a disinformation campaign to confuse the uptight angels, and whatnot. When actually you're creating a superhero species that neither side can decide if they want to start engineering or smiting.
"I don't care how lovely that district is these days—in my day something rather awful happened on the Boulevard Arago!"
Dean knew that in supernatural circles images and videos of him, sponsored by Valac and Barry, his human photographer, were hot items. But he had thought that only a few had been painstakingly doctored to compensate for the extra light from his angelic energy, which otherwise made him look overexposed on camera.
The girl sniffed and he left. Dean's mind was racing, and he was doing his best not to fall prey to optimism, which at this point in his life would be fatal.
The boys only had a moment to be surprised at the even-tempered Josie's tone.
"The good news is, you have a choice," Bobby said. "All this has happened pretty fast, but you need to make up your mind pronto."
"I like this," Etienne said, and then he halted. "There are no meetings here, are there?"
"There is nothing else. You are far from your God.” The demons couldn’t speak Enochian, but they happened upon the right notes needed to immobilize their adversaries.
Castiel had reached down and pulled him out of perdition, but Dean kept falling right back into perdition no matter how hard he tried to make him happy.
"Yeah, ma'am, we've ﬁgured it out so you can cut the crap, pardon my French," Dean said for the horriﬁed Cecil's beneﬁt.
As soon as they were gone, Etienne wiped away a tear and turned to Sam. "Is your uncle always so spot-on?"
At their next stop, Dean found a pretty girl and thought no more about it. Only now he saw Davin as something more than a fucked-up kid. That their wrestling match gone wrong wasn't something he'd done to Dean.
The half-angel didn't know if Barry had ever said where he was from. “Barry has a family?”.
"What's my bra size?" she asked.
"We've heard of it, Bobby. Give me the address and we'll be there inside an hour."
"We have a list of which angels frequent this— establishment. Why do we not apprehend them and school them in the new ways? Anyone who is willing to let one of those vermin near them its obviously very lonely. Our brothers could ﬁnd a mate."
Jimi looked confused. "Nothing?" he spluttered. "None of this is tempting? You're about the farthest thing from a saint, so one of these options should tickle your fancy."
Then came the solitary times when he was forced to dry out so he could soak up more smacks again. Hell had this sort of thing ﬁgured out down to the exact science so as to make best use of their torturers' time.
The teacher had cleared out a chair for Dean, except the person who came next in the alphabet had his feet on it.
At that point he heard the sound of Cas' laughter as he'd never heard it before. It was a combination of the bell-like tones of Enochian and the voice he used when he was in Jimmy. Androgynously sweet and masculinely scratchy.
"Consider it a state secret, one that we may be back to negotiate on in the future," Balthazar improvised, suddenly beginning to put together this personal mission with their ofﬁcial business.
Dean had a list of endearments to call upon, but he knew once he'd gotten through Princess and Cutie and gotten to Gorgeous, Gorgeous was the sign that he'd had enough and should call it quits.
Dean met his new friend for a walk one morning and the two strolled through the wondrous gardens together. He especially liked the more peaceful sections where people just sat and watched the birds and squirrels and fish and other creatures that floated or swam, as suited their fancy.
She exhaled. "You bi guys are always the best. You don't get freaked out about another guy being in you. I wonder why it didn't work out that way with you?"
Dean wondered what it was like to stand on a hill on a clear night way back before there were satellites and cell towers and all the noise he had to tune out when he tried to tune in.
"Nobody would have taken us seriously if it wasn't for you," Dean added. "We'll try not to let you down."
"He's not asking about money or any other kind of power, he's talking about in bed," one of the larger cross-dressers conﬁded through silver lips that glinted in the strobe lights.
If the man who spent over a century there involuntarily hadn't brought it up, Dean never would have asked, though he was dying to compare notes.
Both groups were nonplussed. The confusion was a strangely equalizing force. The two groups conferred with each other about this thing that fit in neither of their worldviews. The humans from the club had already gone back to their pastimes of drinking and cruising.
Dean was already climbing down into the panic room.
Castiel's brow furrowed and then he plunged into the subject that had brought him here tonight. "Yes, there has been some concern that you have not been happy."
"But it didn't take."
"I'm afraid you need to unhand our dear one, because Dean needs to get it to the restaurant where we're meeting out boyfriends," Etienne said at the door.
Dean was looking around trying to place something. "This is Heaven, I mean, not the Heaven where there's administrative ofﬁces and stuff, but the Heaven I believed in as a kid."
The angel's next words seemed to come with difﬁculty. "From what I've been able to tell, he's running as fast as he can from something, but that's different than being empty to the point of being like a black hole in society, as my brothers have depicted him."
Dean woke up earlier than expected. He didn't have enough sleep, thinking about where his father was or if he'd arrive home drunk and beat the crap out of him. He got out of his bed and found Sam still peacefully sleeping. He wore his glasses and headed straight to the bathroom. He looked at the mirror and lifted his shirt up. The scars were still there, indicating what John did to him. He sighed and fixed his shirt. He brushed his teeth and started to strip off his clothes to take a shower.
When Dean and the others arrived. Some stopped their tracks and looked at the amazing view they're seeing. Girls mostly, but Dean was at the back so probably no one can see him. He didn't notice that he was staring at Cas. He was doing some sort of stretching in which his muscles reflexes. Dean stared and he actually noticed how the sweat falls down from his head up till the side of his ear. He looked down and his abs were well-defined. And those hip bones, that sexy v. It was incredibly defined and crisp. If he touched it slowly, it might prick him up.
Before Dean could close his door. Cas knocked at the window.
Dean looked at him. "Shut up. If I did ask you, you wouldn't tell me and you would tell me to leave you alone. Heck, even shut the door."
Good for Dean, he was seated next to Charlie. She was something, really. She might be blabbering about all her ships and fandoms, Dean can't help but smile whenever she did so. Charlie gave him a mouthful of happiness in so many ways. She's like a sister to Dean. Also, Dean was also happy he's near Cas. He'll try his best not to ignore him for he is his first friend. Somehow, he'll try to get the two together as friends.
Cas immediately blushed. He liked the sound of it. He looked at Dean, "They... My mother confiscated my phone. I couldn't text you back. I... I was gone because... I'd have to deal with something."
Sam rolled his eyes again for his brother's childishness. He didn't know if he's the fifteen year old boy or Dean. He pressed the button and changed the music. He was actually figuring it out. Yet, Dean slapped his hand away. "What now?"
He looked around, he went to the lockers. When he saw the guy he was looking for. He immediately went to him. Unfortunately, he was pushed against the door. Dean stopped on his tracks. He couldn't believe what he was seeing.
Dean placed his hand over Cas' shoulder. "I'm glad you're with me, Cas. My first impression of you was indeed the other way around."
Dean smiled and hugged him. He felt Cas' warmth. For sure, he wasn't good at comforting someone but he wanted to let Cas know that he's there for him.
Nevertheless, because of the drink. He raised it up and went in towards the group of people to meet him. "Hello Dean."
Cas chuckled. "Relax, Dean. I don't bite unless you want to." He said and winked. "Just kidding."
He placed it back in and stormed out of the library. Getting ready for English. Another hour for an another awkward silence.
Cas chuckled and wrote his number at the back of Dean's hand. It was soft, he lingered for a moment then he let go. Hoping Dean doesn't mind. "Thanks."
"Mind if you go first?" Charlie said to Dean.
Cas felt Dean not breathing and shook him, "Breathe, Dean! Breathe!"
"I'm Charlie Bradbury. I don't have any siblings like Dean here. Anyway, I'm a dork and I can rant all day about my ships and fandoms. As you can see on what I'll be wearing for the whole school year. Also, I was Dean's classmate and bestfriend. If he's the smartest man alive? Well, I'm the 'craziest fangirl alive'. Uhm, yeah. That's it." Charlie fidgeted and she sat back down.
He entered Cas' room. There was a lot of wires that were attached to him. He looked peaceful and beautiful. Dean slightly smiled, he was so lucky to be friends with Cas.
Charlie was shocked, it should've been her that he called not Cas.
Cas inhales sharply, it's now or never. "Just... Don't judge me. I'll get it if you'll be distant or something." He started, "I'm..."
Kevin, beside Charlie was recruited by Charlie. He might not be that energetic and much of a fanboy. He lowkey shipped Dean and Cas.
"Please stay here." one of the nurses said to the three.
Dean shot his head up and frowned at Sam's question. Why on earth did he need to know where their father was? He left them without saying anything, just gave them scars. Dean closed his fists, trying to control his anger. "Sam, I don't know where he is. So, just mind your bacon and egg. You shouldn't give a damn about that man."
Castiel thought. "What do you mean?" He tilted his head to the side.
He got there and was shocked when someone was there. "Aren't you Dean?"
Cas was angry, he didn't understand why Dean wanted to help him. He didn't even know what they are even. He only knew they're friends but they won't be more than friends. And that's a fact.
"This is going to be fun."
"Yeah. Thanks,  Dean. A lot."
"Gabriel, leave them alone. Unless, you just want Sam to like you." It was Cas' turn to laugh.
"You're?"
They all got into places. It was great that Cas wasn't looking or he could've embarrassed himself. Unfortunately, he did.
(See the end of the chapter for
"That's cool. Oh, Dean! This is Castiel, Gabe's brother. He's a superstar. More like the captain of Blue Lions." Sam said and gestured to Castiel.
He blushed at what Charlie said. Cas on the other hand wanted to have that kind of effect on Dean. Surely, the blush was forming. He didn't know that Charlie has a thing for Dean. Nevertheless, he wouldn't admit to himself that he's jealous. "Castiel, meet, Charlie. Charlie, meet, Castiel." Dean said.
When the administrator came back. Everything was clear and he walked towards where Sam was seating. He looked at him and he saw that he was indeed happy. Perhaps, he'll change his mind not letting Sam hang-out with Gabriel.
"Cas? Whoa, never thought you'd have another nickname, Cassie!" Gabriel tease him. Sam laughed along.
Sam rolled his eyes, "Dean, it's a car. "
Cas fell down and coughed blood, he was whimpering.
He repeated it again and again. He was sure Cas heard him. He tried running towards him but when Cas looked at him in the eye. He froze. Cas shook his head and left with his friends.
"What the hell happened, Sammy. You know that I'm here for you." Dean walked towards him. "Tell me."
"You read this?" Dean's eyes suddenly lit up. Cas nodded. "Didn't know you read, Heroes of the Olympus." Dean was surprised.
"Who's he, Dean?" Charlie asked politely. "He's hot." She whispered to Dean.
Dean felt a bit taken aback on what just happened. It was all happening so fast. Dean shook his head and decided to continue with his plan. Sam was old enough to handle his own problems, he'll eventually tell Dean soon.
Unfortunately, he can't,
"What's that, Dean?"
Some were shocked that Dean got hit on the head. Even the players got the chance to sneak in at the crowd. Cas frowned on what's happening. He checked it out and when he looked at the guy. It was Dean.
Gabriel stopped and pointed at the window. "There it is. Hope y'all get your scholarship. It looks like y'all deserve it." He said and took another lollipop.
"I don't know, I just feel like it." Sam scratched the back of his neck.
. Probably, going on a date with Gabe."
However, those days didn't last long.
Dean went inside the car and drove off.
Dean exhaled the air he was holding. Cas was still looking for him. Cas
Dean at first didn't know what to do. He just went in and saw how crowded and loud the party was. Until, he saw Cas. He might've been a bit irritated by him but he was still his bestfriend, right? "Hi, Cas."
Dean opened his eyes not knowing he was closing them. He was looking at Cas and how beautiful he is. Unfortunately, something went up his head. Plus, a drunk man opened up the closet.
Charlie raised her hands in defeat. "I surrender. Damn, you're one classic guy."
Cas wanted to punch him but Dean dragged him out of the closet and out the house. Cas picked up a shirt on the ground and followed Dean.
Cas would've understand but because of the alcohol--- He can't. He was becoming furious. The feelings, the kiss, it all felt so real to him and now, on what Dean said just made it a lot worse. "What the actual fuck, Dean? Didn't I ask you if everything was fine and okay but now? You're telling me this? It's fucking bullshit, Dean. Bullshit!"
"C'mon Balthazar. See you later, Dean. You're helping me." Cas waved away and pushed Balthazar to leave the library.
"Anytime." Cas winked.
Dean replied,
"Wings huh." Dean muttered. He remembered that there was a party. Sam must've invited him there before. Unfortunately, he won't come. There's a lot of homework and he had a project.
After a month everything went fine. It also looked like the bond of the Winchesters became stronger than ever.
Cas nodded, he was right. Dean was his friend, he wouldn't hurt him. Cas was just afraid that Dean might leave him. Like everyone else did.
It was slow at first. Slightly nibbling at his lips. "I'm sure, Cas." He replied.
"He texted me to come here. So, I'm here let's go!" Gabriel smirked and held Sam's wrist on the way to the living room.
look. Sam shrugged and bitch faced him.
He picked the paper up and looked for any reply.
Dean does the same. He left all his books inside his locker. He only bought his filler and the Song of Achilles. Then, he went to his first class. Literature.
Dean frowned, why wasn't he answering?
This is a bit short sorry in advance!
"Yeah, okay." Dean cleared his throat and adjusted his glasses. "Uhm, hey. I'm Dean Winchester. I have a brother named, Sam and we just moved in last week. Not to be proud or something but back at my school, they know me as 'The Smartest Man Alive.' So, yeah. I like rock." He chuckled.
Dean thought.
"Dean, Gabe. Let's bring him to the hospital, now!" Sam opened the door of the impala and Dean carried Cas with him. Gabriel hopped in on the shotgun and they drove all the way to the hospital.
Dean chuckled and wondered if it's also possible for him and Cas.
Sam turned around. "I'm not forbidding you to hang-out with Gabriel but just so you know, be careful."
Cas sighed, he must tell Dean. After all, he's a friend. He just hoped nothing will break them apart. "I'll tell you."
While Charlie did the talking. Dean managed to look at his brother, Sam. He's been quite lately and perhaps almost out of his usual self. Dean was worried that Gabriel might've hurt Sam's feelings or maybe they weren't friends anymore.
Cas shook his head and grabbed the bag. Their fingers touched and there was a spark. "Ah!" They both said.
"BenCutio forever!" Charlie laughed and high fived Cas.
It won't. It was still there.
Their staring contest was interrupted. "Yes, Sir?"
He looked around for any more clues. There was no one there besides him. He took another glance, trying to make it disappear.
"C'mon, Dean. We're friends. I'll protect ya." Cas chuckled. "Here we are, Smarty Pants."
Cas kept on shaking Dean. He didn't want Dean to die, or got an amnesia.
When he was done, he remembered why he also went there in the first place. He glanced on his side and Dean was still busy carrying tons of books. He decided to go to the corner of the library and peeked.
Mr. Henry noticed them and got his attention to Cas. "Novak, stand up."
"Thanks." Gabriel said and followed the nurse to Cas' room.
Charlie facepalmed, "Holy mother of dicks. Why on Earth are you always lost in thought? It was obvious."
Cas ran off and Dean managed to look at his well-rounded ass. He smiled to himself that maybe him and Cas might be text mates. He went inside the impala and drove home.
He tapped his pen to some random beat. He was thinking that he might give himself a day off of school works and have fun. It's been long enough since he went to parties. After all, Cas was there. His bestfriend. Maybe they'll just fix some things there.
It was almost 10 o'clock and everyone was sober. Dean became happy for that moment. When the bottle was pointed to him. He tried choosing Heaven and got the chance to make-out with Lisa. However, it didn't last long because of the glare of one person.
Cas sighed and went back to help Dean. He was now done looking for books he haven't read yet. "You gonna read all those?" Cas asked.
He got to the very back. All of the books were assorted for classics and poems. Others were assorted for dictionaries and encyclopedias. When he was about to leave, he accidentally bumped some of the books at his side. He immediately picked it up but was taken aback on what he suddenly saw.
Dean adjusted his glasses and shrugged. "Show me the way, Cas. I don't know what this University can show me."
He wasn't really sure why the both of them were so tense. Probably because of the weeks that they weren't talking.
He looked at the mirror and found himself quite good enough for the party. He removed his glasses and put on his contact lenses. The last time he wore them was when he was in his freshmen year. He had a girlfriend that told him that he should just wore contacts instead of his glasses. Unfortunately, they broke up because that girl wanted Dean to change who he really is.
When Dean was finished, he washed the cloth and hanged it on the rack. "Dean?"
He spotted him and called out, "Cas!"
It was a note.
"Obviously, they should be there. Cas and Gabe are jocks, aren't they? Sam is not on our level. You just don't expect them to just seat here just because they used to." Kevin frowned. "I gotta go. Just lost my appetite."
Dean stared at the both of them. Not having a clue on what they're talking about. All he knew was that those two are going to be a massive pain in his ass. Obviously, with Charlie teasing him and Cas' stubborn ass. They wouldn't let Dean alone.
"So, you do hate me at the very beginning?"
"Who's that?"
Dean rubbed his arms and Castiel's chuckle was incredibly hot. "Uh, you have the bluest eyes too, Cas." He blinked at the sudden nickname he gave Castiel.
Dean was too afraid to look at Cas. He wanted to take back what he said. He didn't want to lose Cas, he was just confused and dizzy and drunk. It was so hard to concentrate. "I—I'm sorry, Cas. I know you're hurting but you have to understand. My—my dad will kill me, Cas. Please, don't be mad." He softly said, he stood up to at least touch Cas.
Cas removed his thoughts. Not today, not yet.
The game went on and on. Yet, only a few chose Heaven. It was because they're all sober and they wanted to take risks.
Dean left the room. Not knowing the slow tap of Cas' fingers.
"Alright, Team A and Team B. Line-up. Head of A is Dean Winchester and B is Michael." The Coach said.
Dean looked at Sam with a
"Samuel." Dean called out.
Dean groaned, his glasses fell to his nose. He pushed the books upwards but they just fell from the floor. Which made everyone look at them. "Sorry!"
"Morning, Sammy." He greeted.
As he went inside, as usual, he was the first. He wasn't called a nerd for nothing. He sat down in front for he cannot see the board if he sat down at the back. While he was waiting, he read the book he borrowed. His mind was elsewhere other than the book he was reading. He didn't even notice his other classmates going inside the classroom. Even the side glance Castiel gave to him.
He wiped it and adjusted his glasses. He wanted to see more of the view. Cas' must've noticed someone was staring and he looked directly at Dean. For a moment, he shivered. The way Dean was looking at him was alluring. Especially, now that he's almost naked. Just wearing a t-shirt and a jogging pants. That guy had a lot of layers, just so you know.
Dean peers at Novak from beneath his lashes, turning on the charm. Novak doesn’t like demure omegas, which is a relief. Dean doesn’t know just how much pretending he could do to fulfill that role. “Why don’t you fix that, then, alpha?”
Charlie and Jo exchange a look and Kevin rolls his eyes. None of those are exactly out of the ordinary, but it’s kind of a weird time for it. Dean shrugs it off and grabs his notebook, glancing around the table. “Alright, we ready to continue?”
A week later, he’s standing outside Castiel’s door, shuffling his weight between his feet as he tries to find the courage to knock. Castiel hadn’t been in the office after Dean had finished his meeting with Charlie. Krissy said he had to leave for a work emergency, so Dean had been thinking about his talk with Charlie the entire week. He’s not opposed to dating Castiel, even if it is just in their own apartments for now. He doesn’t want to lose his job but he also doesn’t really want to lose whatever he’s got with Castiel. There’s definitely something there, true mate or not.
“Of course,” Castiel murmurs, a soft look in his eyes as he watches Dean step back behind the counter. He whips up Cas’s tea in only a couple of minutes, grabbing a coffee for himself and settling into a chair at their favorite table in the corner. “You had a bad childhood?” Castiel asks, gingerly sipping his hot tea.
Castiel rolls over, his sheets rustling underneath him as he reaches over and switches on the lamp perched on his nightstand. The alpha looks even more concerned than he smells in the dim light from the lamp.
“Fair enough,” Meg says, the sound of her typing filling the silence of the call as she looks people up. “Alright, I emailed you a list of four people. Those are the only four that made it far enough to actually get background checks in the last couple of years, so if they don’t work, I’ve got nothing for you. Good luck, Clarence.”
Dean shrugs. The alpha frowns, setting the glass on his nightstand and taking a bite of the granola bar.
Castiel stabs a piece of sausage angrily. “Just because you perceive me as a child doesn’t mean I’m entirely worthless, Luke. I’ve been designing houses for this company—
The sound of Castiel’s doorbell travels through the apartment, so Dean quietly excuses himself and tugs on his clothes, smoothing away the wrinkles in his shirt as he heads for the door. He finds a young kid on the other side holding several grocery bags worth of food.
“So, where do you want to start?” Dean asked, hands bunched up in his pockets to keep them from getting cold.
“Scout’s honor,” Sam replies, complete with the three-finger salute.
“You smell divine,” Novak breathes against his neck, his impressively hard cock rubbing against Dean’s own. Dean bites his lip and rocks up against the alpha above him, smirking when Novak moans breathlessly.
Cas’s eyes flash red, only for a moment, but Dean can smell the beginnings of rut on his alpha. He practically purrs, slick dripping down his legs as he draws in deep breaths of Cas’s scent.
“Look, just because he may or may not be coming here for me doesn’t mean it’s because he’s interested. Maybe he just enjoys my sparkling personality.”
Dean smiles. Charlie’s like a little sister to him, has been from the moment they met. She’s quirky and adorable and she’s the only person Dean’s ever been this fiercely protective of, besides Sam. “Yeah. She’s a good kid. Built this business from the ground up when she was eighteen. She’s brilliant.”
“He knows how I take my tea because I’ve ordered tea here before,” Cas mutters under his breath, though Dean can make out what he’s saying. “Now shut
“Yes, that’s it and the craft store. They’ll all have plenty of decorations for us to choose from.”
Dean sets his bag by the door and pulls him into a proper kiss, humming happily. “Happy six months, angel.”
That’s a problem for another day. The rest of the information packet is pretty straight-forward. Each team would bring forward three houses along with their designs and budgets for each of them. They’d then be able to choose whichever house they wanted, given that the budget was approved by the higher-ups at the show. The show would purchase the houses for them and put in all the renovation money so neither Cas nor Angelic Houses would be liable for anything. Three impartial judges, who weren’t part of the process, would then come in to judge how everything was done, from the house that was chosen to the overall design down to how it was staged for sale. It’d undoubtedly be a grueling process, but the more Cas reads, the more he wants to participate.
Castiel smiles a real smile, the first one he remembers having in a long time. “That’s all I’m asking for, Luke. Just the opportunity to learn.”
“Hey,” Cas starts, fiddling with his keys. “I watch Doctor Sexy as it airs, I thought maybe you’d like to join me?”
Dean smiles and shrugs. “Yeah. I thought I needed a better opportunity but now seemed like as good a time as any.”
“You should have told me about your heat, though. You haven’t had a heat since you started suppressants, did you go to your doctor?”
“I’m good, Cas. C’mon, want you to knot me.”
Dean shrugs. “Just that I l—really like you. A lot.”
“Dude, what happened?” Charlie half-whispers, though Dean’s sure the entire group of high school girls that just walked in heard her. They give the pair of them an odd look, so Dean takes their money with a smile and passes them their tickets.
Charlie shrugs. “So keep doing what you’re doing. I checked with a pining sickness specialist and they said as long as you’ve got something to scent when you’re not together, you’ll be fine. So maybe just exchange clothes whenever you’re there for his rut and you should be alright between appointments.”
“Like I said earlier, the whole thing is a bit too close to reality for me. Buying so much candy that there’re buckets of it left over after the trick or treaters have finished? That, I can get behind. So, don’t forget the stop at Hy-Vee for candy in the planning, alright?”
“Is that… I mean, you’re not obligated, of course. I just thought maybe—”
Dean opens his mouth to reply but he’s hit with the thick scent of arousal in the air, and judging by the way Novak is looking at him, their time between spikes is up. Dean smirks, raising an eyebrow at the alpha. “Guess we should get started, then.”
dates with clients. Whatever you two do in the comfort of your own apartments is none of my business,” she says suggestively, raising an eyebrow as if to ask if Dean understands her meaning. He smiles gratefully at her, nodding.
“Alpha,
“Look,” Dean starts, idly cleaning off the counter while they have a spare moment to breathe. “He’s just a customer, okay? Even if I do like him, it doesn’t matter. He’s nice to everyone, it’s not like he singles me out or anything.”
Castiel blinks at him and glances at the popcorn machine. It only seems to dawn on him then that he looks like he’s trying to buy food. “Oh! No, apologies. I was going to ask if you’d like to join me since Meg appears to have found herself a date, but since you’re busy—”
Charlie was right and he was hoping Dean would ask for his number. Which he didn’t.
“No,” Luke chuckles, leaning back in his chair. Castiel can feel the relief emanating from his older brother. “No, I think it’s a great idea. I’ll give her a call and set everything up.” He reaches for his phone, so Cas takes the hint and collects his jacket. “This is your copy, I’ve got one. Take it home and read it over before we sign the contracts,” Luke whispers, pushing the folder closer to Castiel, who obliges, collecting the folder and waving over his shoulder before he closes the office door behind himself.
Eventually, once Cas’s knot deflates, Dean gingerly slides off his lap, smiling when the alpha whines.
His alpha smiles and idly brushes his fingers along Dean’s side. “What’s your dream life, then? Classic American dream? Three kids, dog, house with a white picket fence?”
Castiel hums, setting the folder on the desk in front of him. “I’m in.”
Dean snuggles against his neck, mumbling, “If you insist.”
“Alpha,” Dean whines, dragging the blankets tighter around himself despite how hot he is. He needs his alpha’s scent cradling him until Castiel gets home. His scent is comforting, even if it’s only a dilute one. He’ll have the real thing soon enough.
He can feel Castiel smirk against his neck as his hand slips down to palm Dean’s cock through his jeans. “You don’t have to act like you want me that bad, Dean.”
“Not badly abusive, no. My dad wasn’t the greatest parent for most of my childhood—he was drunk more often than not, he could hardly hold a job down, and he tended to take his anger out by yelling at me and Sammy. I took the worst of it, I tried to keep Sam out of it as much as I could.” He sips his coffee, shrugging. “That kinda shit messes with your brain, so the minute I turned 18, I signed up for culinary school and got the hell out of there. Sam ended up staying with family friends for his four years of high school, thank God.”
“Look, Dean! The district is holding a Halloween Decorations competition.”
Dean throws a pleading look toward all of his friends, but none of them pay him any mind. Instead, they lay down the filthiest cards they possibly can on the first card and Dean wants to crawl under a rock and die. To his surprise, the filthiest and funniest of the bunch turns out to be Castiel’s. Huh. Maybe this won’t be so bad after all.
He can almost picture Meg raising her eyebrows. “My lips are sealed. Whatcha need?”
Dean blinks at him, eyes narrowed in confusion. “Not possible. It’s just hot in here, I promise.”
“It’s a seasonal tradition, Dean,” he insisted with a pleading look, one that nearly rivaled Sam’s puppy-dog eyes. Dean couldn’t help but cave, especially given the fluttering in his chest. With their relationship being so new, he was so glad that he got to have moments like this that he didn’t hesitate to pull into the designated parking lot.
Cas perks up when he realizes Dean isn’t joking, a soft smile on his lips. “I’d suspected it, mostly because of what Dr. Nally said a few episodes ago. I sort of wrote it off, though, because really, who would’ve believed that?”
Novak rubs his eyes, inhaling deeply. “Uh, depends. The first two days, usually a couple of hours. Last few days are normally six hours between spikes.”
The scent of ripe apples hits his nose at the exact same moment that Cas’s eyes flash red. He smirks at the alpha, beckoning him closer. “Should we move this into the bedroom? Don’t exactly want to defile your expensive couch.”
“Well, in that case, I’d love to. You may have to explain the entire movie though.”
"Damn."
He walked towards the side of the bed. He sat down and stared at Cas for a long time. Admiring his beauty, he came to think that maybe, he liked Cas that much.
"I've come to find you. You almost skipped class. I volunteered to find you by the way." Charlie said.
Dean led him to the kitchen were all his medical supplies were located. He grabbed a chair and let Cas sat down. Dean grabbed a towel and a basin. Washing it off, He went to Cas, it was a good thing the blood dried. It could've dropped at the impala or inside the house. However, Cas looked like a mess.
"Hey." His throat got caught up.
Cas smiled, "Aren't you my Jason Grace, son of Zeus?" He winked.
"Yes you were. What do you want huh? Well, you actually have everything now. " Dean said and he heard one of his friends calling to him. "Goodluck with your new set of
Dean read the note:
Dean face palmed, he forgot about Cas and his classes. "Ugh! Son of a bitch."
Dean wanted to go up and talk to him. But, his ass stayed. Sam, on the other hand, made things much worse.
Cas squinted. Then, smiled. "Makes sense."
He went to the librarian and returned the book. After that, he started to walk around the whole library. Checking around for books. It was massive and it's a good thing there's a patterned tiles.
"You're one stupid ass." She said and walked away. The 3 men punched him again and left with her.
Sam and Dean came in after. Dean was so worried that he even pushed away Gabriel just to hold Cas. "Don't leave me, Cas. Cas!" He cried out.
"Samwich!" He busted in.
Dean looked at Cas and he was biting his lip. Maybe because it was true. Dean shook his thoughts, it wasn't possible.
Dean rolled his eyes, "You love winking at me."
Cas had enough problems in his life, might as well Chuck take his life instead. "I don't fucking care. You changed and you are no longer my father anymore." and with that Chuck threw another punch at his nose.
Things got back the way it supposed to be. Somehow, things change the way we least expect it. Dean eventually, became the top 1 in their class as well as in the whole university. Cas, well, he became famous than ever because of the last play that the team won.
As they got home, as usual their Dad wasn't there and it's a good thing. Sam rushed to his room holding tightly the strap of his bag. He felt so frustrated at everything. Not wanting anyone to talk. Well, that wasn't Dean wants to do.
"You—you're okay with it?"
"No, he won't help you. He's helping me already."
Dean sighed, he wasn't kidding around this time. Sam can't date boys, not now.
Dean gave up. Of course, he did like shipping himself to Cas however, they're just best friends. Cas might be gay, but he wouldn't like Dean in that way.
"Stand up, faggot. Fight me, jerk." Chuck grabbed Cas' collar and punched him again, "Now, what? Stand up!"
Charlie and Kevin looked at Dean. As if he was in an asylum. "What? Aren't you weirded out?" Dean asked.
Dean hugged Sam, he was incredibly glad that Cas was alive. He'll tell everything to him as long as he listens. "Let's wait for Gabriel, he'll still want to meet you Dean."
Time goes by and Dean was able to finish all his works. He waited at the impala for Sam. As usual, he was with Gabe.
While Dean was stuck with the most beautiful eyes he has ever seen. Faithfully, he'll manage not to look at those eyes and hair. "Where to, Dean?" He asked.
Dean dropped on his knees. He was so stupid for hurting the guy who only did was make him happy. Why wouldn't he be himself? The confident and smart Dean? Why would he hurt someone like that? He cried not even caring if anyone sees. He stood up and punched the windows of his impala. He sure will regret it but he can fix it again. He kicked and punched, all while saying sorry to baby.
Though, when he got back to his senses. He looked back at Cas and saw him also looking back at him. He smiled and secretly waved back. Cas chuckled.
"Thank you, Dean. Another thing... Those men and that girl. I'm assuming you've been there. They know something only Gabriel knows."
"Let's go then, we'll show you around. So you won't need that big ass map." Gabriel said and grabbed Sam's arms. "Come on, Samwich!" and they went in to the crowd.
Dean thought.
"Fine. What about you and Cas? Isn't there any progress? It seems like the both of you aren't friends anymore."
Charlie laughed and did a peace sign. "Oopsie."
Dean noticed, "C'mon, Cas. I don't bite." He chuckled.
Dean drove and drove. Until, Cas minded to ask Dean where they were going. "My place."
"Hm, there's nothing. I thought you were hiding something." Charlie shrugged.
"Are you sure?" Sam raised his eyebrows.
He tucked the paper back in. He took a step backward, wondering if it will fade away or if it will still be there.
He was caressing Cas' face. Almost praising his beauty. He stood up and slowly lowered his face to Cas'. Then, he lightly kissed his lips. "I don't give a damn to anyone anymore. I will show them that you're mine and I'm gonna be proud of that."
Dean punched him at his arms and immediately went inside.
He pushed Dean aside and went straight to the hole. Dean adjusted his glasses. Hoping it'll fade away and never exist at all. "Oh."
"Yep." Dean said and suddenly the doorbell rings.
"Sorry." Dean said and gently cleaned his wounds. They were just looking at each other's eyes, scared that one will fade away, that everything was just a dream.
Dean laughed more. "What? You can't beat that!"
Carefully, he pushed all the books away. At first, there was nothing but after a few seconds. It suddenly lit up and there was the hole.
Charlie chuckled and nodded. She kept the note. "Since, I'm done. I wanna tell you that I ship BenCutio."
Cas smiled and together they went to the librarian to fill up forms. The librarian gave Dean an eco bag, knowing he wouldn't be able to hold those books long enough. Dean smiled at her and left.
He tried pushing Dean away but Dean didn't let go. Dean didn't want to. He'll stay with Cas. He might not know what's going on but he'll do anything for Cas to be okay.
Every one of his actions for over a year had been to avoid becoming the vessel of Lucifer.
"What do you want me to say?" came the surly voice beside him. "It's the same old shit, but with wings. Wake me up when we're closer to the case."
Together, the couple laced up their skates, Cas bringing out his most studious expression. “Is this how it is done, Dean?” he had time to ask before they fell heavily. The impact knocked the breath of them both and they were half-gasping, half-laughing—
"B-balthazar," the offending angel, whose name was Ambriel, babbled with that half-laughter that Cas also displayed.
The other couples were afraid that whatever had happened to him, at the vanguard of the transformation process, would eventually happen to them. Falling in love with another, becoming a plaything of Hell—each of them either feared such a terrible fate, or feared their partner undergoing it.
"Big Brother, Little Brother, I'll leave you to it," the sheriff said, hiding her smile. "You eat whatever they put in front of you," she admonished Dean.
No one had ever looked at Castiel like that. It may have been being drawn into the snug conﬁnes of a mortal's awareness, but that second it didn't matter where they were or that Dean was so far gone, he would have looked at anything with gratitude for any sort of contact.
Dean shuddered involuntarily.
"Why don't you tell them who else you are?" the doctor prompted.
Etienne finished treading on the other man’s back and let his hand rest there for a moment,, in violation of his usual rules. Dean was a lovely man, physically, but it was his peculiar mixture of anguish and hope that the writer in him found irresistible. Or maybe it was the part of him marred by Hell.
"Somehow I doubt that," Dean said, sitting back with a smirk. He had so much practice mastering all of his virtues that it was only a vague kind of curiosity that had kept him in this odd club for this long.
Cas spent much of his time with Dean as his vessel over the next couple of weeks. They rediscovered each other and once more enjoyed experiencing the world as one.
Dean let his brother run on for a while, completely distracted from the stress of their lives by the game.
The angel had left Dean to his own devices once, and now he knew the stakes were too high to let these stumbles back into Hell to keep happening. His beloved would disintegrate.
Cas laid his closed hand on the book and slowly opened the palm.
"You did good, Sammy. Real good," Dean said from behind him. "You meant what you wrote?"
"Oh, you missed Janis, she was yesterday," the girl shrugged, looking more hopefully at Sam. "You look like you might have a wild child inside of you."
The look on Etienne's face caused Dean sympathetic pain. "Don't let them get to you, don't—"
Etienne's ﬁnger was on the button that shut off the mechanism. He chose one of the manual tools from the rack on the wall, letting his observer suffer a little, waiting to see what his fate would be.
"So that's what this is about. They think he's damaged goods after they had him dragged out. What did they expect? He drinks too much. The fate of the world is at least partially on his shoulders. He's not himself. So they want to smite him for it?"
"Everything's gone to shit for real," Dean warned as he melted into the profusion of wings. Without a vessel in the way it felt like he was plunging straight into that nuclear reactor that had such a nice effect on him.
"I think I used the word 'assholes' but yeah, same concept," came the oddly ﬂat voice.
"But you should be frightened. I would be if my brothers put what you might term a fatwa on me."
"Sam," he said through gritted teeth.
But somewhere along the line, vessel, possession and a sort of sexual assault got all mixed up in Sam's mind, and he was terriﬁed at being inﬁltrated by this stranger.
His big brother did not disappoint. "How many times do I have to tell you what was so cool about Genghis Khan was that he was just a guy. Some kid in Bumfuck Mongolia who didn't look very promising, with no extra special powers, not chosen by demons or angels. He was just good at getting shit done."
"Can you turn your emotions off for one second?" Domenic snapped. "We all know that some angels have fraternized, but even beyond the music they've developed recently, certain things have been noticed."
"Oh, just something about Genghis Khan, you know he was a Mongolian-"
"Are you going to crown me king of the world next to keep from actually having to have a conversation with me?" his uncle shot out in an unusually harsh tone. "Dammit, Dean, you can't avoid talking about Cas forever."
“Chances are if Cas keeps changing on some subtle level, he won't be compatible with his old vessel any longer, or perhaps to no one else besides you."
"Hello there," Sam said to the patient in that disarming way he had. "I'm Mr. Johnson, and you are-?"
"I'm sure I can come up with something," Balthazar hid his excitement perfectly when he bowed to take his leave.
He was the monster, more than anything he'd ever hunted. “Please love me for who I am,” the black bear said.
Dean gave a beckoning gesture with one hand. "You can keep it coming, bro, I'll let you know when I've had enough."
In the face of three people who knew much about his history, Balthazar relented a bit.
The crowd cheered back, not realizing the demon was off script. Not for the ﬁrst time Dean thought how Demonology 101 should be taught in all colleges. The music continued, the kids danced their little hearts out, but it was as if the scene began to warp around the edges.
"Motorhead," the kid shot back. Dean offered him his hand to help him up.
It didn't matter that they didn't talk about anything except music -they did know each other. They kept an eye on each other because it was eerie-here's another boy whose destiny was shaped by the loss of his mother, by the kind of tragedy other people instinctively recoiled from, and they both shared the awareness that everything else was tiny in comparison. They watched each other like feral cats surprised that there was something else just as lean and hungry as they were, and that had been able to survive with almost nothing.
Kicking himself for a tearful promise made during a vulnerable time, Dean put his virtues back into place, the way he'd trained himself to ﬂit around town for the last couple months. By hitting exactly the right frequency, people scarcely noticed him, or if they did, they were soon turned away.
The years of training had Dean's muscles telegraphing tiny movements of readiness on their own, and the angel knew his own quiet intensity was taken by the Khan to be a coiled serpent.
Castiel couldn't remember the last time when he felt so terrible.
Etienne's thoughts ﬂoated back to his earlier memories of being the paid "gitano" in France. His strategy in the face of prejudice was to be what they thought he was and throw it back at his audience. Perhaps that worked all right with humans, but that tactic was what got him disintegrated the ﬁrst time in Hell. Sure, look what you're doing to me, cabrón, look at what you have made yourself into by sticking me with spikes. See, look at me receive your blows, you toad. I won't lift a ﬁnger to resist, pig.
Normally, they probably would've gone ahead and slugged the guy unconscious, but the chances of doing that without actually touching him were too slim for them to risk it.
Dean was out for at midnight run. He was discovering that the combination of motion and the dark night sky made him feel like he was almost leaving his body behind and taking ﬂight.
"To have a few minutes alone? Hell, yeah. And it was so mentally healthy for you to shadow me everywhere? You know now that I had plenty to occupy my mind on those walks."
"What's this all about, Dean? I'm right in the middle of mediating a custody dispute."
"And secondly, it's the music. You ﬁnd it extremely relaxing. All of your kind do."
It was his inarticulate cry for something, for somebody to ﬁgure out what that something was and make him take it. He felt everything spin. An expert at gauging how much he'd drunk, Dean was sure he hadn't quite gotten to the room-spinning level of intoxication. It was hard to get there anymore.
Within a few minutes the brusque angel had discarded all but a few of the ideas that had taken the group hours to formulate and assigned tasks to most of those present.
Cas was aghast at the reception that his partner was getting from the crowd.
By possessing some of the best minds in the ﬁeld of audio science, the demons had learned to change the tuning of angelic virtues, without ever understanding how an angel really works.
The accountant was looking as though his plan to curry favor was backﬁring in ways he didn't understand. "I can't see. None of us can. It's not on the map, as you can tell."
He let the people around him determine the speed with which he moved. The same way he'd let the clerk in the clothing store choose his outﬁt. Dean had even chosen what he was wearing by sticking his hand in his closet with his eyes closed. He didn't want to be responsible for which of his selves he was tonight. Everything was to be left up to a wisdom that existed somewhere else, but certainly not in him.
"Dean, I know Soren wasn't responsible for his actions, but we can't run our own witness protection program. And he's 17. We shouldn't be taking him anywhere."
The look the man gave him, though.
Dean froze, and Davin took advantage of the element of surprise. In a second, Davin was on top, and his thigh nudged something solidifying where it shouldn't be in Dean's jeans.
"Sam and I can take care of ourselves. He can fetch me beers from the fridge, and I'll man the shotgun." Bull patted the gun that nestled in his chair.
Dean and the other Nephilim appeared on ﬁlm as if saturated with light, their human features barely detectible underneath. Something about the place where their angelic energy fell on the spectrum.
"And the whole point is, it's the gods having the contest, not people," Josie said.
But at this moment, even though Dean knew he was looking at a digital wisp in the air, he felt a chill down to his bones: he was watching the ﬂickering image of a long-dead genius left hand pulling those notes out of the guitar with an identical magic.
Cas could tell Dean was having a hard time focusing on his face as he reached out and touched two ﬁngers to his forehead. The delicate fabric of his friend's body and mind was now inert.
The occultist in question wasn't Crowley, though they had been of similar philosophies, but the woman was very much like the demon Crowley when he was alive: preying upon the innocent by using the cheap spirits willing to show up to his ignorant mixture of arcane traditions.
They started the lesson. It was about William Shakespeare. It was always him. About how tragic and famous Romeo and Juliet is. Cas observed it was too easy to understand. Given his circumstances on his young dumb life. He always loved poetry and classics.
Of course, that didn't make Dean drool.
Dean wanted to say no. He didn't want to be attached to someone like Cas. He thought that Jocks were always messing with you or just be a bully. He didn't want that to happen. Sam must've noticed Dean's frown.
"I don't know but he walked away." He cried once again.
You're number, idiot."
P.E. was one subject that Dean hated the most. He had no sport however besides swimming. Especially, he didn't know how to play dodge ball. It seemed embarassing that he's so muscular yet he hated sports. They changed into their P.E. uniforms and headed straight to the field. Wherein the players of Blue Sealions are preparing for a game.
He checked if he reacted or if he flinched. Careful and gentle.
p.s. this is just a filler chapter and some sabriel uwu
"Morning, Dean and it's Sam!" He frowned and sat down on the dining table.
Cas and Dean were still best of friends however, there are times that they cannot hang-out. People might judge and things were different now.
"I will, bye, Dean." Sam ran to his class.
"Then, go. Choose him. I'll handle the rest." Dean smiled.
"Hi, Gabe. I'm Sam." He reached out his hand and shook it. "This is my brother, Dean."
He had to do it. For Dean.
"It-It looks good on you. With-without the glasses." Cas stuttered and was embarrassed.
While he was looking at the door. He saw the guy he have been waiting for. Those green eyes, that hair, that jaw. Everything. But at some point, he remembered that he was a bit mad at him.
"What is it?"
"He might've been possessed or something." Dean said.
Cas looked down at his hands. The grip of Dean made him a bit relaxed. It was a sign of care. Concern. Something he never had. "You do know I'm a football player, right? And we gotta get that scholarship. There's this guy that threatens me that if I continue playing, he'll do something I will regret. It looks like he knows everything about me. He's the bully in the other building. However, even if I let it go or avoid him. He has a lot of people to beat me up," Cas held Dean by his shoulders. "Don't tell this to anyone. Promise me, Dean. I don't want anyone to get hurt or get worried."
They were standing near the hole. Was it one of them?
"I have nothing to tell you, Dad." He said as he went pass him but Chuck pushed him. "What's wrong with you?" He immediately regretted shouting at him.
Dean placed his hand on Sam's shoulder. "I trust you, but I don't trust Dad or Gabriel or even Cas. Not yet, at least. You know that we have to be careful, Sammy."
"You know what happens when we date boys," He looked at Sam. "I don't want you to get hurt."
"Yeah, why not? Sam's bisexual. Being gay is not an issue." Dean smiled.
Slowly, he lifted Cas' chin. Always taken aback by his beautiful eyes. His face was a mess but because of his eyes, he still looked so damn beautiful. He tapped the towel over the scars and blood. He was careful not to hurt Cas.
"Kevin is right, Charles. They aren't always here, they have the life of their own. Don't worry, this seating arrangement or whatever won't destroy our friendship."
"Oh, shut up." Cas hid his smile. "I bet I can finish all of that in 3 days."
He was pretty much annoyed. Out of all people, why Dean? It will be so much hard for him to move on. "Oh c'mon Clarence." Meg said.
Both mesmerized by each others eyes. All of the party noises were soon longer gone. Somehow, one of those eyes had a glimpse of hope and sadness.
Dean adjusted his glasses and looked at the paper.
"I thought you weren't coming?"
Dean felt frustrated, he rubbed his face. He removed his glasses and placed it down. He tapped his fingers. He can't concentrate in class. He was a bit worried, Cas have been answering his texts last week. He was wondering why he won't answer now. He fidgeted with his glasses again and felt someone staring at him.
Cas chuckled at his cuteness. He wouldn't mind falling in love with this person. It was like love at first sight. The way Romeo and Juliet was told. Their story was ironic and full of tragedy but it was also full of love. Juliet might be young but love isn't about the age. It is how you feel for one person. Cas can't help but slowly have feelings for Dean. It was accurately love at first sight. The moment he saw Dean at the administrations office. His stomach had butterflies and the way his heart beats was fast. When he saw him, he didn't mind what others will think. Everyone will know he was gay, even if someone will forbid them to, He wants Dean to be his.
His other hand is caressing Castiel’s hip, which is pressed hard into Dean’s body, fingertips grazing his waistband, but suddenly he feels like a schoolboy, like a teenager with his first crush. He can feel it all the way down to his toes and he wants nothing more than to press back into Castiel, to keep pressing, moving, colliding until he feels nothing but relief. Until he feels Castiel breathe, relax, fall into him…
